[ Boy ]
ROGER, DO YOU BELIEVE IN HEAVEN?
I GUESS.  THAT'S WHERE
THEY SAY MY MOM WENT.
MAYBE THAT'S WHERE
MY DAD WENT. PROBABLY.
HEY, MAYBE YOUR MOM
AND MY DAD ARE FRIENDS UP THERE.
THAT COULD BE.
'CAUSE YOU'RE MY BEST FRIEND DOWN HERE.
YOU'RE MY BEST FRIEND
TOO, J.P.
ROGER, HOW COME MAGGIE'S HOUSE
IS CALLED A FOSTER HOME?
I DON'T KNOW.
MAYBE THE FIRST PEOPLE WHO LET...
OTHER PEOPLE'S KIDS
LIVE WITH THEM WERE NAMED "FOSTER."
OH.  SO IF WE STAY THERE
A LONG TIME, DO WE GOTTA CHANGE OUR NAME TO FOSTER?
NO WAY.
GOOD.
BESIDES, WE'RE NOT GONNA
BE THERE A LONG TIME.
REALLY?
YEAH, SOMETHIN' GOOD'S GONNA HAPPEN.
[ J.P. ]
YEAH, SOMETHIN' GOOD.  MAYBE TODAY, EVEN.  IT COULD HAPPEN.
[ Sportscaster ]
THE ANGELS, TRYING TO BREAK A 14-GAME LOSING STREAK,
FACE THE TORONTO BLUE JAYS
HERE THIS AFTERNOON AT ANAHEIM STADIUM.
MAGGIE, WE'RE BACK.
SO, WHERE YA BEEN?
JUST RIDIN' AROUND.
YOU SAID BE BACK BY 5:00.
I CAN'T TELL TIME YET.
ARE WE BACK BY 5:00?
CLOSE.  COME ON, J.P.,
GET YOUR BIKE IN.  ROGER?
YEAH?
YOU HAVE A VISITOR. HE'S WAITING INSIDE FOR YOU.
IS IT--
DAD?
HEY.
DAD.
SURPRISED TO SEE ME?
YEAH.
YOU LOOK KINDA SCRAWNY.
DON'T THEY FEED YOU ENOUGH IN THIS PLACE?
YEAH.
WHERE YOU BEEN?
I WAS WAITIN'. JUST RIDIN' AROUND THE STADIUM.
- ANGELS STILL YOUR TEAM?
- YEAH.
THEY'RE IN LAST PLACE.
YEAH.
RUNS IN THE BLOOD.
FAMILY THAT LIKES LOSERS.
SO...
I CAME TO SAY...
THAT I'M GOIN'
UP NORTH.
I KNOW I SAID
WHEN I CAME IT'D BE TO GET YOU, BUT...
[ Sighs ]
THINGS AIN'T WORKIN' OUT THAT WAY.
I DID WHAT I COULD WITH YA.
MAYBE IF YOUR MOM WAS ALIVE IT'D BE DIFFERENT.
I, UH--  THEY HAD ME SIGN
THIS THING, THIS PAPER.
SOME KIND OF RELEASE THING.
UH, JUST GOTTA GO TO COURT TO MAKE IT FINAL.
YOU UNDERSTAND
WHAT I'M SAYIN', DON'T YA?
Y-YEAH.
OKAY, I'M GLAD WE GOT
THAT OUTTA THE WAY.
WHERE'S THE PICKUP?
I TRADED IT IN.
THE BIKE'S BETTER FOR TRAVELIN'.
DAD, WHEN WE GONNA BE
A FAMILY AGAIN?
FROM WHERE I'M SITTIN',
I'D SAY WHEN THE ANGELS
WIN THE PENNANT.
YOU STAY OUTTA
TROUBLE, SON.
[ Motorcycle Starts, Revs ]
[ Faint Crowd Cheering ]
[ Stadium Announcer ]
NUMBER 27, SHORTSTOP, STEVE ACKER.
[ Sportscaster ]  SO WITH THE
ANGELS DOWN BY SEVEN, IT'S NOW ONE BALL, TWO STRIKES TO ACKER,
- THE FORTH BATTER TO FACE
GATES HERE IN THE EIGHTH. - COME ON, STRIKE 'IM OUT!
YEAH!  STRIKE 'IM OUT!
[ Sportscaster ]
...AND GOT GODCHAUX ON A POP-UP TO MITCHELL AT THIRD.
BURN IT IN THERE.
[ Man ]
COME ON, ANGELS, LET'S STAY IN THIS.
[ Sportscaster ]
GATES TAKES THE SIGN,
CHECKS THE RUNNER AT FIRST
AND DELIVERS.
[ Crowd Groaning ]
ACKER LOBS THE BALL HIGH INTO LEFT FIELD.
[ Man ]
GATES, YOU STINK!
NORTON AND WILLIAMS
BOTH GOING FOR THE CATCH.
I-I GOT IT.  I GOT IT.
AND THIS'LL BE BEN WILLIAMS' CALL.
AND WILLIAMS AND NORTON COLLIDE
AND THE CATCH IS BLOWN!
[ Crowd Booing ]
WHERE'S THE BALL? UUH!                   OOH!
BOY, THEY'RE BAD!
- OHH!
- [ Sportscaster ] AND WITH ANOTHER EXAMPLE...
OF HIS INFAMOUS TEMPER,
MANAGER GEORGE KNOX CALLS TIME OUT.
HE WILL HAVE A WORD
WITH HIS PITCHER, FRANK GATES.
I DON'T THINK IT'S GONNA BE
A HAPPY WORD.
[ Sportscaster ]
AND IT LOOKS LIKE KNOX IS GOING TO TAKE GATES OUT.
GATES DOESN'T LOOK
TOO PLEASED ABOUT THIS.
GIMME THE BALL.
IT AIN'T MY FAULT. YOU NEED A NEW OUTFIELD.
YOU'RE OUTTA HERE!
GIVE ME THE BALL!
YOU WANT THE BALL?
HERE YOU GO.  GO GET IT!
- GATES HAS THROWN HIS BALL
AND GLOVE INTO THE STANDS. - MY GLOVE?  GO GET IT!
GO ON, GET OUTTA HERE!
YOU'RE FINISHED, GATES!
- AND KNOX HAS ATTACKED
HIS OWN PITCHER! - UH-OH!
SKIP, SKIP.
LET 'EM GO, SKIP.
YOU'RE WASHED UP!
YOU'LL NEVER PITCH AGAIN! YOU'RE CRAZY, KNOX!
THEY'RE CLEARING THE BENCHES!
NOW BOTH TEAMS ARE ON THE FIELD!
HEY!  IT'S NOT
OUR FIGHT!
- GEORGE KNOX HAS CREATED
TOTAL CHAOS! - [ Blue Jays ]  HUH?  WHAT?
HIT HIM ONE
FOR ME, GATES! I CAN'T FIND HIM!
- YOU'RE CRAZY!
- YOU CAN'T MANAGE A TEAM!
THIS IS OUTRAGEOUS!
GEORGE KNOX FIGHTING OFF HIS OWN PLAYERS,
[ Sighs ]
SURPRISE, SURPRISE.
AND THEY'RE TRYING TO KEEP
KNOX AND GATES APART.
YOU STINK, KNOX!
KNOX, YOU'RE OUTTA HERE!
COME ON, UMP,
LEAVE 'IM IN.
YEAH!
DON'T THROW 'IM OUT!
- HEY!  WHAT ARE YOU KIDS
DOIN' UP THERE? - [ Gasps ]  UH-OH!
YOU BETTER HAVE TICKETS
FOR THAT TREE!
GAME'S OVER FOR US, J.P.
WE GOTTA GO!
THAT'S RIGHT, CLEAR OFF!
GO ON, GET OUTTA HERE!
YOU HEARD ME!
DON'T LET ME CATCH YOU TWERPS AROUND HERE AGAIN!
YOU KICKIN' ME OUT?
THAT'S GOOD! YES, I'M KICKING YOU OUT!
'CAUSE YOU BEEN STINKIN' UP
THE CALLS ALL DAY! YOU'RE GONE!
[ Knox ]  YOU CAN'T
KICK ME OUT 'CAUSE I'M LEAVIN'. YOU GET THAT?  I'M OUTTA HERE!
[ Sportscaster ]  AND KNOX WILL
WATCH THE REST OF THE GAME... IN THE LOCKER ROOM.
MURPHY'S OUT OF HIS MIND
TO PUT UP WITH THIS NONSENSE.
YOU THINK YOU
CAN DO ANY BETTER? [ Scoffs ]  BLINDFOLDED.
WELL, WHEN YOU WERE MANAGING,
BOY, YOU HAD A LOT OF TROUBLE. I REMEMBER--
[ Sizzling ]
ZIP IT, PAL.  YOU HAVE TO ASK YOURSELF, WHAT IS GOIN' ON...
WITH THIS TEAM,
AND HOW LONG WILL OWNER HANK MURPHY PUT UP...
WITH THIS KIND OF BEHAVIOR
FROM HIS MANAGER.
I THOUGHT I'D SEEN IT ALL,
LADIES AND GENTLEMEN, BUT WITH GEORGE KNOX CALLING THE SHOTS,
Q5
YOU NEVER KNOW WHAT WILL HAPPEN.
CAREFUL, J.P.
LET'S GO!
WHY DO YOU IDIOTS DO THAT
AFTER WE'VE LOST? IT'S FOR GOOD LUCK, MAN.
AFTER FIFTEEN STRAIGHT
LOSSES, I SAY WE FIND SOMETHIN' ELSE TO RUB.
LIKE TRISCUIT'S HEAD.
DON'T EVEN THINK ABOUT TOUCHIN' ME... ANYWHERE.
FATTY PANTS.
MAYBE WE SHOULD DO THIS BEFORE WE LOSE.
÷[
AW, NOT AGAIN!  THEY GOT THE WRONG KIND OF SALAMI!
IT WAS NICE OF KNOX
TO LET YOU PLAY. HEY, I CAN HIT IT.  YOU GOTTA,
YOU GOTTA CHOKE UP
AND BEAR DOWN, THEN YOU'LL GET YOUR HOMER.
HEY, HOW'S THE ARM?
IT'S FEELIN' STRONG.
YOU'LL BE PITCHIN' NO-HITTERS
ANY DAY NOW.
♪ WE ARE THE BOYS OF SUMMER
AND IT'S A BIG BUMMER ♪
♪ NO MATTER WHO WE PLAY
WE GIVE THE GAME AWAY ♪
♪ 'CAUSE WE CAN'T WIN
THAT WOULD BE A SIN ♪
♪ WE EVEN LOSE THE GAMES
BEFORE THEY BEGIN ♪ SAVE IT, MAPEL!
- BUMMER.
- ONE MORE LOSS!
ONE MORE LOSS
WHICH COULD HAVE BEEN A WIN!
YOU CALL YOURSELVES
PROFESSIONALS.
I HAVE NEVER, EVER SEEN
A WORSE GROUP OF 25 PLAYERS!
YOU DON'T THINK AS A TEAM,
YOU DON'T PLAY AS A TEAM, YOU DON'T EVEN LOSE AS A TEAM!
YOU ALL GOT YOUR HEADS
SO FAR UP YOUR BUTTS...
YOU CAN'T EVEN SEE
THE LIGHT OF DAY!
ONE MORE LOSS AND I'LL,
AND I'LL DO THIS--  AAH! TO EACH AND EVERY ONE OF YOU!
HO-HO-HO!
I WANT YOU HERE, IN UNIFORM,
AT 9:00 TOMORROW.
WE'RE GOING BACK TO WORK
ON FUNDAMENTALS!
FUNDAMENTALS?
IN THE MIDDLE OF THE SEASON?
I THOUGHT THE GAME
STARTED AT 1:00.
IT DOES START AT 1:00.
AND YOU'RE A JACKASS!
- NO, I'M A PITCHER.
- [ Groaning ]
I THINK YOU'RE A PITCHER
AND A JACKASS. SI.  IT'S VERY COMMON.
OH.
TOUGH LOSS, GEORGE.
I CAN'T TAKE IT ANYMORE.
YOU HAVE TO START TRADING 'EM.
ALL OF THEM, NOW.
I CAN'T TRADE 25 PLAYERS.
I CAN'T WIN WITH THESE GUYS. NOBODY CAN.
THERE'S A THING
CALLED TALENT. THEY DON'T HAVE IT.
THIS ISN'T CINCINNATI,
GEORGE.
NO ONE EXPECTS YOU
TO WIN BIG WITH THESE BOYS.
I CAME HERE TO MANAGE
A WINNING BASEBALL TEAM.
YOU JUST HANG ON, PARTNER.
YOU'LL RIDE THROUGH 'THE DARK DAYS.
[ Man On Bullhorn ]
MR. KNOX, WE'RE WAITING ON THE FIELD.
WE'RE WAITING.
WHAT'S THAT?
DAVID MONTAGNE,
ADMINISTRATIVE ASSISTANT FOR MEDIA RELATIONS.
YOU'RE SCHEDULED TO DO
RANCH WILDER'S POSTGAME SHOW HERE, AND HE'S BEEN WAITING.
THE PRESS ARE ALL SCUM.
THEY'RE MEANT TO BE KEPT WAITING.
RANCH WILDER'S WORSE THAN SCUM.
WHO'S FAULT IS THAT? THAT IS NOT MY FAULT.
WHAT EVER HAPPENED
TO BARNEY OR BAILEY, OR WHATEVER THE JERK'S NAME IS?
YOU FIRED HIM
AND THEY HIRED ME ON MONDAY.
THEN I CAN'T OFFICIALLY
FIRE YOU UNTIL FRIDAY. MAKE A NOTE.
UH, WHERE,
WHERE, WHERE?
ALL RIGHT, ALL RIGHT.
MICROPHONE?
THROWN OUT OF THE GAME.
I IMAGINE THE COMMISSIONER'S FINALLY HAPPY.
WE'RE ON IN THREE,
TWO, ONE.
AND WE'RE BACK WITH
ANGELS' MANAGER, GEORGE KNOX. THIS WAS A TOUGH LOSS TODAY.
ANY LOSS IS HARD.
BUT THIS ONE REALLY GOT TO YOU.
YOU LEAVE CINCINNATI AFTER
TEN YEARS OF WINNING BALL CLUBS, ALTHOUGH THE REALLY BIG ONE...
ALWAYS SEEMED TO BE JUST
OUT OF REACH, AND YOU COME OUT HERE TO MANAGE OUR ANGELS.
NOW, EXPECTATIONS WERE HIGH
THAT YOU COULD TURN THIS TEAM AROUND,
BUT THAT JUST DOESN'T
SEEM TO BE HAPPENING.
SEASON'S ONLY
HALF OVER, RANCH. AND YOUR CLUB'S IN LAST PLACE.
YOU OUGHTA KNOW HOW ONE INCIDENT
CAN CHANGE THE COURSE OF EVENTS.
WELL, YOU KNOW,
YOU PLAY THE GAME, YOU TAKE YOUR CHANCES.
SOMETIMES YOU'RE JUST IN THE
WRONG PLACE AT THE WRONG TIME. YEAH, YOU'RE AN EXPERT AT THAT.
I COULD SAY THE SAME ABOUT YOU.
WELL, ACTIONS SPEAK LOUDER THAN WORDS.
WELL, THAT'LL WRAP THINGS UP
HERE IN THE FIELD-- HEY, I'M STILL ON THE AIR HERE.
OH, YEAH?
OOH!
WE'RE SPEAKING WITH
ANGELS' MANGER GEORGE KNOX. GEORGE? OH!
AND, UH,
WE'LL BE RIGHT BACK.
[ Maggie ]
OH, ROGER, YOU HAVEN'T EATEN A THING.
I'M NOT HUNGRY.
MIGUEL, YOU HAVE TO MISS
THE BASEBALL GAME TOMORROW.
I'M SORRY,
YOUR SOCIAL WORKER CALLED AND YOU HAVE AN INTERVIEW.
SHE'LL BE HERE AT 11:00.
GOOD, I DON'T WANT TO GO
TO THE GAME ANYWAY. ANGELS NEVER WIN.
[ Scoffs ]
I WANT TO GO TO THE GAME.  THEY COULD WIN.  IT COULD HAPPEN.
YEAH, AND YOU COULD
DROP DEAD AFTER DINNER WITH FOOD POISONING.
LEAVE 'IM ALONE!
BOYS!  HEY, LOOK WHAT WE'VE GOT FOR DESSERT.  JELL-O.
- YEA!
- IT'S NOT REALLY JELL-O.
IT'S CAT BRAINS
WITH FOOD COLORING. SHE KILLS 'EM AT NIGHT...
- AND FEEDS 'EM TO US
TO SAVE MONEY. - SHUT UP, MIGUEL!
ROGER, YOU KNOW WE DO NOT USE
THOSE WORDS IN THIS HOUSE.
MEOW!
AND YOU KNOW I WOULD NEVER USE
FOOD COLORING ON MY CAT BRAINS.
OKAY, DID WE WASH OUR FACES?
YEAH?
BRUSH OUR TEETH?
BEEN TO THE BATHROOM?
DID YOU PICK THE LINT
FROM BETWEEN YOUR TOES? YEAH?
DID YOU SAY YOUR PRAYERS?
YEAH. YEAH.
OH, YEAH?  NIGHT.
NIGHT, MAGGIE.
GOOD NIGHT, MAGGIE.
- I DIDN'T SAY MY PRAYERS.
- I DIDN'T WASH MY FACE.
- WHAT'S LINT, AGAIN?
- SHUT UP, BUTT-HEAD!
WHY DO WE GOTTA SLEEP IN THESE
SLEEPING BAGS?  I HAVEN'T PEED THE BED IN A LONG TIME.
[ Sighs ]
YOU PEED THE BED LAST WEEK.
SHE MAKES US SLEEP IN
SLEEPING BAGS 'CAUSE SHE TOO OLD TO BEND OVER AND TUCK IN SHEETS.
- SHE ISN'T TOO OLD.
SHE'S GOT A LOT TO DO. - DID YOU GUYS PRAY?
I PRAY EVERY NIGHT YOU GO TO BED
WITHOUT BUGGIN' US WITH A THOUSAND STUPID QUESTIONS.
MAYBE TOMORROW YOU'LL MEET
A NICE FAMILY, MIGUEL.
I'LL PRAY FOR THAT.
IT COULD HAPPEN.
[ Whispering ]
GOD--
IF THERE IS A GOD--
IF YOU'RE A MAN OR A WOMAN,
IF YOU'RE LISTENIN',
I'D REALLY, REALLY LIKE...
A FAMILY.
MY DAD SAYS THAT'LL ONLY HAPPEN
IF THE ANGELS WIN THE PENNANT.
THE BASEBALL TEAM,
I MEAN.
SO, MAYBE YOU COULD
HELP 'EM WIN A LITTLE.
AMEN.
UH, A-WOMEN TOO.
[ Knocking ]
COME IN.
YOU WANTED TO SEE ME?
YOU FEELIN' ANY BETTER
TODAY, GEORGE? WHY WOULD I BE FEELIN' BETTER?
COMMISSIONER FINED YOU $5,000
FOR JUMPIN' GATES.
AND WORD HAS IT RANCH
IS PRESSIN' CIVIL CHARGES FOR YOU POPPIN' 'IM.
COME TO THINK OF IT,
I HAVE FELT BETTER SINCE I SLUGGED WILDER.
- YOUR PISTOL'S SMOKIN', PAL.
- I HADN'T MADE THE CONNECTION.
I KNOW YOU AND WILDER HAVE
BEEN AT EACH OTHER'S THROATS SINCE YOU WERE PLAYERS.
YEAH, WE'VE BEEN AT EACH OTHER'S
THROATS SINCE HE SPIKED MY KNEE AND RUINED MY CAREER.
ACCIDENTS HAPPEN,
GEORGE. IT WASN'T AN ACCIDENT.
WHEN YOU SLIDE INTO A CATCHER
WITH YOUR NAILS UP, IT'S ON PURPOSE.
I WAS COMIN' INTO
MY BEST YEARS.
NOW, DON'T GO MAKIN'
MORE COW-PIES TO STEP IN, GEORGE.
YOU GOT ENOUGH MANURE
ON YOUR BOOTS NOW.
CONTROL YOURSELF TODAY.
[ Chattering ]
[ Announcer ]  LADIES AND
GENTLEMEN, A REMINDER THAT EVERY WEDNESDAY IS KID'S DAY.
WHOA!  I SEE BETTER SEATS!
MUCH BETTER SEATS! COME ON, J.P.
...ANY RESERVED SEATS AND $1.00
DISCOUNTS ON GENERAL ADMISSION. COME ON!
TICKETS ARE AVAILABLE THE DAY OF
THE GAME AT THE ANAHEIM STADIUM BOX OFFICE. ALL RIGHT!
THANK YOU.
GREAT SEATS. YEAH.
THIS IS MUCH BETTER
THAN THE TREE. I'LL SAY.
HEY, SKIP.  TRAINER SAYS
I'M READY TO PITCH.  WHEN AM I GETTIN' OFF THE INJURED LIST?
HOW'S NEVER SOUND?  YOU'RE HERE
'CAUSE YOU GOT A CONTRACT THAT PAYS YOU TO BE HERE.
YOU BLEW YOUR ARM OUT.
PLAYED ON TOO MANY PAIN PILLS.
PAIN PILLS?  YOU WERE THE ONE
STUFFIN' 'EM DOWN MY THROAT FIVE YEARS AGO IN CINCINNATI.
HEY, IT WAS YOUR DECISION
TO SWALLOW 'EM.  I HAD A BRAIN.
WHEN YOU WERE FINISHED,
I TRADED YOU.  I NEVER THOUGHT I'D GET STUCK WITH YOU AGAIN.
WHY, YOU ROTTEN--
[ Coughing ]
THAT'S NOT CONTAGIOUS,
IS IT?  OUTTA MY WAY. I GOT A BALL CLUB TO MANAGE.
[ Crowd ]
♪ AND THE ROCKET'S RED GLARE ♪
♪ THE BOMBS BURSTING
IN AIR ♪
♪ GAVE PROOF
THROUGH THE NIGHT ♪
♪ THAT OUR FLAG
WAS STILL THERE ♪
♪ OH, SAY DOES THAT
STAR-SPANGLED ♪
♪ BANNER YET WAVE ♪
♪ O'ER THE LAND
OF THE FREE ♪
♪ AND THE HOME
OF THE BRAVE ♪
WHOO-OO!
[ Crowd Cheering ]
I GUESS NO MATTER HOW MANY TIMES
YOU HEAR THAT SONG PLAYED...
IN A MAJOR-LEAGUE STADIUM
ON A WARM AFTERNOON,
IT'S STILL
EMOTIONALLY EVOCATIVE.
DROP DEAD.
I GOT SUNSCREEN IN MY EYES.
WILL I WIN, WILL I WIN,
WILL I WIN, WIN, WIN?
AW!
YEAH!
♪ JOSE, CAN YOU SEE ♪
WAIT A SECOND.  THE FIST WORD
IS JOSE?  I THOUGHT IT WAS-- IT'S JOSE.  WE KNOW.
WOW!  IT'S ABOUT
A SPANISH GUY! ♪ JO-JOSE, CAN YOU SEE ♪
I DON'T BELIEVE HIM.
IT'S SO EASY.
[ Wilder ]
WHIT BASS TAKES THE MOUND WITH HIS TRADEMARK SLIDE.
HIS ODDBALL ANTICS ARE BY NOW
WELL KNOWN TO THE FANS.
[ Color Man ]  THAT'S RIGHT,
RANCH.  THIS SEASON ALONE WE'VE SEEN HIM LICK DIRT,
EAT BUGS AND FLOSS HIS
CATCHER'S TEETH IN THE DUGOUT.
NONE OF THAT, MAY I ADD,
SEEMS TO HAVE HELPED HIS PITCHING.
HE'S TWO AND ELEVEN.
[ Grunts ]
[ Announcer ]  LEADING OFF FOR THE BLUE JAYS, NUMBER 22,
THIRD BASEMAN,
OWEN FARLEY.
[ Wilder ]
AND AFTER HARDLY ANY WARM-UP, BASS SIGNALS HE'S READY.
[ Crowd Muttering ]
[ Sniffing ]
MM!  HMM, HMM!
[ Yawning ]
[ Grunts ]
HUH? [ Bat Cracking ]
[ Wilder ]  FIRST PITCH
OF THE GAME AND THE ANGELS HAVE AN ERROR AND A MAN ON BASE.
SO THE FIFTH INNING
GOES INTO THE BOOKS WITH THE SCORE NOTHING TO NOTHING.
THE ANGELS THUS FAR
HAVE BEEN ABLE TO KEEP THE HARD-HITTING BLUE JAYS SILENT.
BUT AS WE HEAD INTO THE SIXTH,
THE JAYS HAVE THE MIDDLE OF THE ORDER COMING UP...
WITH THE EVER-DANGEROUS
ASHER LAZZATO LEADING OFF.
[ Announcer ]
NUMBER 31, LEFT FIELDER, ASHER LAZZATO.
[ Wilder ]  BASS SETS...
AND SETS... AND SETS AGAIN.
PLEASE,
JUST THROW THE BALL.
HERE'S THE PITCH.
AND LAZZATO SMASHES ONE
TO DEEP CENTER!
- I DON'T THINK WILLIAMS'LL
GET TO THIS ONE. - [ Panting ]
OH!
[ Screaming ]
[ Wilder ]
AND BEN WILLIAMS MAKES A MIRACULOUS CATCH.
- HOLY COW!
- HOW'D HE DO THAT?
YEAH, HOLY COW!
HOW'D HE DO THAT?
HOW DID HE DO THAT?
THAT, SPORTS FANS, IS A PLAY
YOU'RE GOING TO SEE RUN...
IN BASEBALL HIGHLIGHTS
FOR YEARS TO COME.
GET ME SOMETHING HERE!
COME ON, COME ON! WE GOT IT.
GET ME SOMETHING!
I'M HANGIN', I'M HANGIN'! THIS IS DEAD AIRTIME!
DID YOU SEE THAT?
YEAH, AWESOME.
THEY WERE JUST SUCKED DOWN
RIGHT FROM THE SKY. WHO?
THOSE GUYS.  THOSE GUYS
IN SPARKLING PAJAMAS.
WHAT ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT,
ROGER?  WHAT GUYS IN SPARKLING PAJAMAS?
YOU DIDN'T SEE 'EM?
THOSE GUYS CARRYING WILLIAMS?
-I DON'T KNOW.
-HEY, MISTER, DID YOU SEE THAT?
LUCKY CATCH.
NO, DID YOU SEE WHAT HAPPENED WITH THE CLOUDS?
DID YOU SEE
THE PEOPLE WITH WILLIAMS WHEN HE CAUGHT THE BALL?
HUH?
THERE WERE SHINY PEOPLE OUT
THERE.  FLYING, SHINY PEOPLE.
[ Slurping ]
YEAH, WELL, TELL YOUR PARENTS ABOUT IT.
BUT THE--
[ Announcer ]  NUMBER 58, THE IRVINATOR, IRVING NATOR.
[ Belching ]
YOU DIDN'T SEE 'EM?
IT WAS A REAL GOOD PLAY, ROGER.
I SAW THAT.
YES!  YES!
AMAZING PLAY.
I LOVE IT WHEN THEY COME FROM ABOVE LIKE THAT.
FROM-FROM ABOVE?
THE SKY DEAL.
IT'S A GOOD ENTRANCE FOR 'EM.
YOU MEAN YOU SAW 'EM?
THE ANGELS?
- ANGELS?
- COURSE I SAW 'EM. THEY'RE WITH ME.
THE LITTLE ONE'S A ROOKIE.
JUST GOT OFF HIS TRAINING WINGS.
YOU MEAN THO-THOSE ARE...
REAL... ANGELS?
ACCEPT NO SUBSTITUTES.
WHO ARE YOU?
JUST CALL ME AL.
NO ONE CAN SEE ME OR HEAR ME BUT YOU.
W-WHY ME?
YOU ASKED FOR HELP
AND WE'RE HERE.
WE COME AND GO.
IT'S AN "AS NEEDED" SITUATION.
WHO YOU
TALKIN' TO, ROG?
WHAT ARE YOU
TALKIN' ABOUT? TUBBY'S BACK.
I'M VAPOR.
KEEP YOUR NOSE CLEAN AND YOUR HEART OPEN.
BUT ANGELS ARE AROUND, SONNY.
WE'LL BE IN TOUCH.
[ Grunting ]
AL!  WHAT--
[ Belching ]
WHO'S AL?
HE'S THE--
WHAT'S YOUR PROBLEM?
ARE YOU SICK
OR SOMETHIN'?
YEAH, MAYBE.
GET YOUR PIZZA,
HOT PIZZA.
[ Wilder ]
WITH TWO OUTS, THIS IS THE ANGELS' LAST CHANCE...
TO PUT AWAY THE JAYS
BEFORE EXTRA INNINGS.
NEXT UP IS MESSMER
WHO, UNFORTUNATELY, HAS BEEN HITLESS...
IN HIS LAST 26 AT BATS.
[ Announcer ]  NUMBER 14,
CATCHER TRISCUIT MESSMER. TIME.
Nh
HERE WE GO AGAIN.
[ Wilder ]
AND THAT ONE, LADIES AND GENTS, IS HEADIN' DOWNTOWN...
AND MESSMER BREAKS A BAT AND
THE ANGELS' LOSING STREAK... [ Cheering ]
AS HE CRASHES A HOME RUN
IN THE NINTH TO WIN THE GAME.
[ Chuckling ]
[ Grunts ]
[ Players Hooting,
Cheering ]
OH, YEAH!
WE WON?
YEAH, YEAH, YEAH
YEAH, YEAH, YEAH!
HOW DID THAT HAPPEN?
YEAH, HA!
BUT... YOU DIDN'T SEE
THE ANGEL WITH HIM? WE WON.
BUT THERE WERE
ANGELS IN THE OUTFIELD AND IN THE INFIELD.
YEAH, NINE OF 'EM.
[ Groaning ]
[ Announcer ]
LADIES AND GENTLEMEN, OUR FINAL DRAWING THIS AFTERNOON...
WILL GIVE THREE LUCKY WINNERS
A CHANCE TO BE PHOTOGRAPHED ON THE FIELD...
WITH MANAGER GEORGE KNOX.
THAT'S A PRIZE? MM-MM.
THE FIRST WINNING TICKET
IS NUMBER 4-7-7-3-8-0.
I WON.
WHAT?
YOU DO IT.  I DON'T WANNA
HAVE MY PICTURE TAKEN.
I DON'T LIKE STRANGERS.
GEEZ.  WHAT'S GOIN' ON
AROUND HERE?
[ Announcer ]  THE SERIES
AGAINST THE OAKLAND A's... [ Chuckling ]
OPENING FRIDAY
HERE AT THE ANAHEIM STADIUM. WHO'S HE?
I CAN SEE YOU KIDS
DON'T KNOW YOUR BASEBALL. THAT'S MEL CLARK.
MEL CLARK?  WHOA, HE PITCHED
THREE SHUTOUTS IN A ROW FOR CINCINNATI IN 1986.
WELL, THAT'S RIGHT.
MY DAD USED TO TALK ABOUT HIM.
YOU USED TO BE
MEL CLARK?
YEAH, I USED TO BE.
- COME ON, SON.  LET'S GO.
- THAT'S IT.  THAT'S ALL, FOLKS.
OKAY, WE HAVE THREE PHOTO OPS.
IT'LL BE QUICK.
GIVE 'EM PUBLICITY STILLS.
IT'LL BE QUICKER.
THEY WANT A PICTURE WITH YOU.
THEY'RE ALL KIDS. I HATE KIDS.
YEAH, I GUESSED THAT.
[ Whistles ]
FIRST KID!
J.P., WAIT!
WELL--  HE--
LOOKS LIKE
A PRISON PHOTO.
UH, WOULD EITHER OF YOU
MIND SMILING? THE TEAM DID JUST WIN.
IT WAS A MISTAKE.
THIS TEAM CAN'T WIN.
THEY WON 'CAUSE THERE
WERE ANGELS OUT THERE. HUH?
REAL ONES.
I SAW 'EM.
TWO ANGELS CAME OUT OF THE SKY
AND THEY PICKED UP BEN WILLIAMS.
AND ANOTHER ANGEL
HIT MESSMER'S HOME RUN. THAT'S WHY THE BAT BROKE.
GREAT, A PSYCHO KID.
DAVID, YOU THINK THEY'D SCREEN THESE PEOPLE.
IT'S TRUE!  ASK WILLIAMS
ABOUT IT.  OR MESSMER.
THEY'LL TELL YOU
SOMETHIN'S GOIN' ON. YOU'LL SEE.
[ Sewing Machine
Clicking, Whirring ]
HONEY, WHY AREN'T
YOU ASLEEP? I GOTTA ASK YOU SOMETHIN'.DH
DO YOU BELIEVE
IN ANGELS?
WHAT DO ANGELS GOTTA DO WITH
YOU BEIN' OUT OF YOUR BED?
NO, I REALLY WANNA KNOW.
DO YOU THINK THEY'RE REAL?
WELL, THERE ARE A LOT
OF AMAZING THINGS IN LIFE THAT JUST CAN'T BE EXPLAINED.
UH--
I BELIEVE IN, UH...
THE POSSIBILITY
OF MIRACULOUS THINGS HAPPENING.
THAT'S WHAT MAKES EVERY DAY OF
OUR LIVES WORTH GETTING UP FOR.
SO, UMM--
YEAH.  I GUESS I DO
BELIEVE IN ANGELS.
YEAH.
ME TOO.
GOOD NIGHT, MAGGIE.
NIGHT.
HUH!
[ Whirring, Clicking Resumes ]
NICE CATCH
YESTERDAY, BEN.
HOW DID IT FEEL?
OR DID IT ALL HAPPEN SO FAST YOU DON'T EVEN REMEMBER?
[ Williams ]
I FELT WEIGHTLESS, LIKE SOMEBODY HAD ME BY THE ARMS, SKIP.
HOW'D I DO THAT?
IT WASN'T LIKE A REGULAR HOMER,
YOU KNOW?  IT FELT LIKE SOMEONE WAS SWINGIN' WITH ME.
VERY STRANGE.
I COULD FEEL SOME AIDED POWER COMIN' FROM SOMEWHERE.
IT MUST'VE BEEN THOSE CHILI DOGS
I ATE BEFORE THE GAME.
YOU KNOW, THAT THIRD ONE
TASTED KINDA FUNNY.
CHILI DOGS.
[ Knocking ]
I'M LOOKING FOR ROGER BOWMAN.
DOES HE LIVE HERE?
YEAH.
I'M GEORGE KNOX FROM THE CALIFORNIA ANGELS.
ROGER WON A PHOTOGRAPH
AT LAST FRIDAY'S GAME.
OH.
UH--
I'D REALLY LIKE
TO GIVE IT TO HIM MYSELF.
[ Clears Throat ]
YOU'RE ROGER'S MOM?
NOPE.
AUNT?  GRANDMA?
x
NO, NO. WE'RE NOT RELATED.
THIS IS A SHORT-TERM
FOSTER CARE FACILITY. I RUN IT.
ROGER IS A WARD
OF THE STATE.
OH.
UH, SO ROGER--
HE'S GOT A WILD IMAGINATION? ALWAYS MAKING UP STORIES?
NO, ACTUALLY.
HE'S VERY GROUNDED.
THE FACT IS,
MOST KIDS WHO ARE TAKEN
FROM THEIR PARENTS BY THE COURT HAVE A GOOD HANDLE ON REALITY.
I BET.
[ Bell Rings ]
[ Roger ]
MEL CLARK STRIKES HIM OUT. CINCINNATI WINS.
WHAT DO YOU WANT FROM HIM?
WHY ARE YOU REALLY HERE?
UH, YOUNG FANS.
LEAGUE NEEDS MORE OF 'EM.
ROGER?
- I GOT YOUR PICTURES.
- THANKS.
YEAH.
I DIDN'T KNOW YOU WERE BRINGING 'EM.
HMM.
- LOOKS LIKE A PRISON PHOTO.
- YEAH.
YOU SAID YOU THOUGHT
YOU SAW SOMETHING AT THE GAME.
YEAH, ANGELS.
REAL ONES.
WHY-WHY DO YOU THINK
THERE WOULD BE...
REAL ANGELS...
AT THE BALL GAME?
MAYBE 'CAUSE
I PRAYED FOR 'EM?
NOTHING YOU WERE DOING
WAS HELPING.  I FIGURED IT COULDN'T HURT.
[ Clears Throat ]
DOES HE TALK?
OF COURSE HE TALKS.
HE JUST DOESN'T LIKE STRANGERS.
ME EITHER.
I DON'T EVEN LIKE MY FRIENDS.
THESE ANGELS YOU THINK
YOU SEEN, DO YOU SUPPOSE THEY'RE COMING BACK?
- IF THEY FEEL LIKE IT, I GUESS.
- OH, THIS IS CRAZY.
I MUST BE LOSING IT.
WHAT I MEANT TO SAY IS...
UH, UH, DO YOU WANNA COME
TO THE GAME TOMORROW?
I HAVE AN OPEN SEAT
NEXT TO THE DUGOUT AND YOU CAN...
GET YOUR AUNT MAGGIE
OR WHOEVER SHE IS TO COME ALONG.
I DON'T GO
TO BASEBALL GAMES. OH!
- YOU CAN GO, ROGER.
- CAN J.P. COME TOO?
OKAY.
[ Wilder ]
AFTER THEIR VICTORY OVER THE JAYS,
THE ANGELS OPEN
A THREE-GAME SERIES AGAINST THE VISITING ATHLETICS.
WINNING THE LAST GAME
MAY HAVE GIVEN THESE ANGELS A BOOST.  SIZING UP THE TEAM,
I'D SAY THEY LOOK BOUNCIER
TODAY, WOULDN'T YOU, WALLY?
ABSOLUTELY, RANCH.
AS WE SAW IN LAST GAME-- KEEP IT MINIMAL, WALLY.
THEY'LL LIKE YOU BETTER.
WE'RE 20 MINUTES FROM GAME TIME
AND THERE ARE ALREADY MORE PEOPLE IN THE SEATS...
THEN THERE WERE FOR
THE LAST FIVE GAMES COMBINED.
HERE.  HERE YOU GO.
TAKE THAT.  OKAY. THANKS.
DO YOU WANT ANYTHING ELSE?
YEAH, PEANUTS MAYBE, AND NACHOS IF YOU COULD.
YEAH.
SORRY.
MY LINEN SUIT!
WHAT DO I DO?
MUSTARD STAINS. THAT'S... HOT WATER--
COLD WATER--
CLUB SODA! THAT'S CLUB SODA.
- I GOT SODA.
- NO!
I'M ALL WET.
GET UP IN FRONT OF ME, NOW!
WE'RE GONNA DRY OFF. LEAVE YOUR POPCORN THERE.
HEY, WHAT HAPPENED TO YOU?
THOSE KIDS, THEY'RE EVIL.
THE BIG ONE MIGHT BE LUCKY,
SO KEEP HIM HAPPY.
J.P., LET'S GO!
WE GONNA WIN TODAY, KID?
MAYBE.
MAYBE?
I DON'T KNOW.
IT'S YOUR TEAM.
DON'T REMIND ME.
SIT DOWN!
- [ Slurping ]
- OH, PLEASE, DON'T DRINK ME.
NO, NO, NO, DON'T, DON'T!
[ Screaming ] [ Gasping ]
[ Mumbling ]
SHH.  SHH-SHH.
THIS IS BETWEEN
YOU AND ME, LITTLE GUY. NO ONE CAN SEE ME BUT YOU.
REMEMBER?
OH... HI.
[ Al ]
SIT DOWN, ALREADY.
I LEFT IN A HURRY YESTERDAY.
I FORGOT A FEW OF THE RULES.
NUMERO UNO:
DON'T TELL ANYONE ABOUT US.
NOW, I HEARD YOU ALREADY
TOLD A LITTLE KID AND EL CAPITAN.
BUT NOBODY ELSE.
WE HATE RECOGNITION.
WE'RE A VERY
SENSITIVE GROUP.
IF PEOPLE KNOW
WE'RE AROUND,
I WOULDN'T BE ABLE TO GET
AN ANGEL WITHIN A MILE OF THIS TEAM.
OKAY.  ARE YOU GUYS
GONNA HELP OUT TODAY? WE'LL SEE.
WE NEVER MAKE COMMITMENTS.
WE GO AND COME
AND COME AND GO. WE'RE A CAPRICIOUS CROWD.
WHAT'S CAPRI--
WHAT'S CAPRICIOUS? [ J.P. And David Talking ]
[ Muffled ]
JUST KEEP YOUR CHIN UP AND YOUR EYES OPEN AND ENJOY THE GAME.
[ Gasps ]
YOU POPPED AL!
WHO'S AL?
AL'S THE BOSS ANGEL.
HE WAS JUST HERE,
BUT HE'S GONE NOW. NEXT TIME WILL YOU TELL ME SOONER?
I'D LIKE TO TRY
AND SEE ONE.
[ Roger ]
MR. KNOX, OVER HERE!
MR. KNOX, COME ON,
COME ON!  MR. KNOX!
I JUST SAW AN ANGEL!
YOU SAW AN ANGEL?
YEAH.  IN MY COKE CUP.
IN YOUR... COKE CUP?
YEAH.
OKAY.
[ Sighs ]
I GOTTA GET BACK TO THE DUGOUT.
WHAT SHOULD I DO
IF I SEE ANOTHER ONE?
KID, I WAS THINKING OF YOU
AS A SORT OF GOOD LUCK CHARM.
NOT AS SOMEONE WHO
SPIRITUALLY HALLUCINATES.
WHAT'S THAT?
IT MEANS, IF YOU SEE ANYTHING WEIRD,
KEEP IT TO YOURSELF.
BUT, WAIT!  YOU SHOULD KNOW.
YOU'RE THE MANAGER AND THE ANGELS ARE HERE TO HELP.
AND IF I DON'T TELL YOU,
YOU'RE NOT GONNA KNOW-- OKAY.  JUST CALM DOWN.
IN BASEBALL,
WE GOT... SIGNALS.
MAKE SOME KIND OF SIGNAL.
OKAY?  I CAN'T COME OVER HERE EVERY COUPLE OF SECONDS.
UM... I'LL GO LIKE THAT,
OKAY?
YOU DO THAT.
THAT'S FINE.
AND WE CAN'T LET
DAVID KNOW. YEAH, RIGHT. ABSOLUTELY.
WE CAN'T TELL DAVID.
CAN'T TELL ANYONE.
[ Roger ]
THANK YOU.
HERE.
YEAH.
THANKS.
THANKS.  OH,
AND EXCUSE ME, DAVID, WHERE ARE THE NACHOS?
m
- [ Laughing ] - [ Chuckles ]
I'M SAVING THEM
FOR LATER.
[ Both Laughing ]
SORRY!
[ Chips Cracking ]
[ Laughter Continues ]
[ Announcer ]
NUMBER 17, FIRST BASEMAN, TOM BREWER.
[ Wilder ]
BASS TAKES THE SIGN. HERE'S THE PITCH.
[ Bats Cracking ]
AND IT'S LINED TO LEFT FOR ANOTHER BASE HIT.
[ Screaming ]
SO IT'S MORE BAD NEWS FOR MANAGER KNOX...
AS HE DOES HIS DANCE
IN THE DUGOUT.
MAPLE WAITS FOR THE PITCH.
- STRIKE!
- STRIKE?  AW, COME ON! NOW THAT'S NO STRIKE!
- IF THAT WAS A STRIKE, THEN
YOU BLIND AS A HORSE'S ASS! - [ Gasps ]
[ Knox Shouting ]
COME ON.
LET ME HAVE SOME-- GIMME THIS.
MR. KNOX.
YEAH?
IT'S NACHO BUTT.
GO BUY THE KIDS NACHOS.
ANYTHING...
BUT NACHOS.
- BUY THEM ANGEL'S JACKETS.
- IT'S 90 DEGREES OUTSIDE.
GET YOUR BUTT
UP THERE NOW!
[ Sighs ]
YOU KNOW, IT'S BEEN FOUR INNINGS AND NO REAL ANGELS YET.
I WAS JUST THINKING, MAYBE
YOU SHOULDN'T SWEAR SO MUCH. I BET THE ANGELS DON'T LIKE IT.
SHHHOOT.
YOU STUPID SONS OF--
A KID!
[ Speaking Spanish ]
MAN, HE IS A DEADBEAT.
LET'S KEEP
THE PROFANITY DOWN!
- [ Everybody ]  HUH ?
- I MEAN IT, NO SWEARIN'!
THAT ELIMINATES ALL SPEECH
FOR MOST OF THE TEAM.
[ Wilder ] SO HERE IN THE NINTH,
THE ATHLETICS HAVE OPTED TO BRING IN RELIEVER...
TOM RUDDY TO PITCH
TO ANGELS HEAVY HITTER, RAY MITCHELL.
[ Gasps ]
S
OH-HO, WOW! WHAT HAPPENED?
THERE'S AN ANGEL
RIGHT NEXT TO HEMMERLING. UH, DAVID, I-I NEED A DRINK.
- YOU HAVE DRINKS.
- I DON'T WANT THESE. I WANT SOMETHIN' ELSE.
WHAT ELSE?
UH... COFFEE.
YOU DRINK COFFEE?
YEAH.
OF COURSE. ALL THE TIME.
ALL THE TIME.  WHAT DO YOU THINK
WE ARE, LITTLE KIDS?  NOW, GET ME A CUP OR I'LL SCREAM.
- HOW DO YOU TAKE IT?
- [ Sighs ]
IN CUPS.
MR. KNOX!  MR. KNOX!
COME OVER HERE. WE GOT ONE!
HEY.
WHAT'S GOIN' ON?
THERE'S AN ANGEL
WITH HEMMERLING. WHAT?
THERE'S AN ANGEL MASSAGING
HEMMERLING'S SHOULDERS.
[ Sighs ]
THIS IS RIDICULOUS.
I DON'T KNOW WHAT YOU SEE,
BUT THERE'S NO ONE WITH HEMMERLING.
[ Roger ]
SHE'S RUBBING HIS SHOULDERS.
- HUH?
- AND WHAT SHOULD I DO ABOUT IT?
PUT HIM IN.
PINCH HIT.
I GOT MITCHELL COMING UP.
HE'S MY BEST HITTER.
HEMMERLING CAN'T HIT
THE BROADSIDE OF A BARN.
I CAN'T SUBSTITUTE
MY WORST HITTER FOR MY BEST HITTER.
IF YOU WANT A HIT,
YOU'LL PUT IN HEMMERLING. IT'S CRAZY!  WACKO.
YOU FORGET ABOUT IT.
BUT HE'S GOT AN ANGEL.
AH!
WHAT'S THE WORST THING
THAT COULD HAPPEN?
ARE WE GONNA FALL
OUT OF LAST PLACE? [ Chuckles ]
[ Inhaling ]
SIT DOWN, MITCHELL!
YOU'RE UP, HEMMERLING.
[ Everybody ]
HUH?
WHAT ARE YOU
TALKIN' ABOUT? YEAH?
YOU HEARD WHAT I SAID.
YOU'RE OUT AND YOU'RE IN.
YOU GOTTA BE STUPID!
HEY, GET YOUR STUFF!
[ Mock Laughing ]
[ Screams ]
AS MITCHELL WAS GETTING READY
TO LEAD OFF, KNOX HAS SUDDENLY DECIDED TO PINCH HIT.
AND HE'S BRINGING IN
DANNY HEMMERLING, THE UTILITY INFIELDER,
WHO IS KNOWN, SPORTS FANS,
FOR HIS GLOVE, BUT DEFINITELY, NOT FOR HIS BAT.
HEMMERLING FOR MITCHELL?
GO BACK TO CINCINNATI!
úT
STRIKE! [ Crowd Moans ]
[ Crowd Booing ]
WHERE'D THEY GO?
- [ Umpire ]
STRIKE! - [ Grunts ]  SEE THE PITCH?
WHAT THE--
♪ FOR GOODNESS SAKE ♪
♪ I GOT
THE HIPPY-HIPPY SHAKES ♪
♪ YEAH
I GOT THE SHAKES ♪
♪ I GOT
THE HIPPY-HIPPY SHAKES ♪
- ♪ AH, I CAN'T STAND STILL ♪
- GO, GO, COME ON!
-♪ WITH THE HIPPY-HIPPY SHAKES ♪
-HEY, UH--
- ♪ YEAH, THE WAY I FEEL NOW ♪
- [ Screams ]
♪ WELL
THE HIPPY-HIPPY SHAKES ♪
♪ YEAH
REAL BAD ♪
♪ OOOH
THE HIPPY-HIPPY SHAKES ♪
- [ Groans ]
- ♪ WELL, NOW YOU SHAKE IT TO THE LEFT ♪
- GO, GO, GO!
- ♪ YOU SHAKE IT TO THE RIGHT ♪
- THROW IT!
- SAFE!
- YEAH!
[ Wilder ]  HEMMERLING SCORES
FOR THE FIRST TIME THIS SEASON AND THE ANGELS WIN THE GAME.
THIS WILL GO DOWN IN THE RECORD
BOOKS.  LADIES AND GENTLEMEN, THIS IS UNBELIEVABLE!
THIS IS INSANITY!
I'VE NEVER SEEN ANYTHING
LIKE THIS.  AND OBVIOUSLY, NEITHER HAVE THESE UMPS.
I DON'T KNOW.
[ Whistles ]
[ Roger Cheering ]
YEAH!  ALL RIGHT!
SOMETHING'S GOING ON
WITH THIS KID.
LADIES AND GENTLEMEN,
CAN WE NOW SAY THE ANGELS ARE ON A WINNING STREAK?
OR WERE THESE LAST FEW GAMES
JUST A SMALL BLIP ON THE SCREEN OF A TERMINALLY ILL PATIENT?
[ Chuckles ]
ONLY TIME WILL TELL.
WHAT IS GOING ON?
WHERE ARE MY STATS? I'M ON THE AIR!
MY ASS IS HANGING ON THE AIR,
AND THERE ARE NO STATS. HOW MANY ERRORS?
THERE WERE A LOT OF ERRORS.
NOT AS MANY AS IN THIS BOOTH.
LET ME TELL YOU,
THIS IS NOT BASEBALL.é4
OW!
DAVID.
WHATEVER YOUR DUTIES BEFORE,
FORGET 'EM.  FROM NOW ON, THESE BOYS WILL BE AT ALL OUR GAMES.
[ Together ]
ALL RIGHT! THAT'S YOUR JOB.
I WANT TO REMIND YOU,
YOU ARE GONNA FIRE ME ON FRIDAY, AREN'T YOU?
YOU'VE BONDED
WITH THE BOYS. BONDED?
YOU'RE GONNA STICK AROUND,
DAVID. YEAH, STICK AROUND.
YOU GOT JOB SECURITY.
JOB SECURITY? WHO KNEW?
SO, YOU'RE RIGHT.
HEMMERLING CAME THROUGH.
- YEAH, 'CAUSE THE ANGEL.
- AH, WHATEVER.
-WE GOT ANGELS HELPING THE TEAM.
-AH, WELL, THAT MAY BE, BUT WE'RE WINNING.
YEAH.  ALL THE GAMES, MAN!
CAN YOU BELIEVE IT?
WHEN WE'RE ON THE ROAD,
YOU SHOULD WATCH THE GAMES ON TV.
WE'LL FIGURE OUT A WAY
FOR US TO TALK ON THE PHONE.
YOU MEAN, THE PHONE
IN THE DUGOUT YOU'RE ALWAYS YELLIN' INTO...
AND BANGING AGAINST THE WALL
AND SPITTING AT? YEAH.
YEAH.
COOL!
WHAT A GAME.  FIRST TIME
HEMMERLING GOT A HIT, LET ALONE A HOME RUN.
IT 'CAUSE OF THE ANGELS;
THEY HELPED HIM. GET IN.
COME ON.
WE DON'T HAVE ALL DAY.
J.P. DOESN'T RIDE IN CARS.
WHAT'S THE PROBLEM? HE GETS CARSICK?
SORT OF.
HE USED TO LIVE IN A CAR WITH HIS MOM.
HE SLEPT IN THE FRONT CURLED UP
LIKE A CAT.  WHEN HE GETS IN, HIS STOMACHACHE COMES BACK.
[ Horn Honking Loudly ]
I'LL CALL YOU TOMORROW.
ALL RIGHT.
THANK YOU
FOR THE RIDE HOME.
HE SPEAKS?
HI.
YOU GUYS HAVE A GOOD TIME? HI.
A BLAST!
WE WON!
GREAT.
WHERE'S MIGUEL?
I BOUGHT HIM ALL SORTS OF STUFF.
MIGUEL GOT PLACED IN A FOSTER HOME THIS AFTERNOON.
HE GOT PLACED?
MIGUEL'S GONE?
MM-HMM.
WHERE?
WITH WHO?
A REAL NICE FAMILY
FROM NORTHRIDGE.
[ Crying ]
I'M GONNA MISS HIM. I REALLY LIKED MIGUEL.
I ONLY HAVE A LICENSE
FOR SHORT-TERM CARE.
YOU KNOW, MIGUEL'S BEEN
HERE FOR SIX MONTHS. SEVEN.
SEVEN MONTHS!
RIGHT.
THAT'S WHAT HAPPENS,
YOU KNOW?  I MEAN... YOU UNDERSTAND THAT, ROGER?
OH, DON'T FEEL BAD, MAGGIE.
I BET WE'LL SEE HIM AGAIN.
MAYBE IN COURT OR SOMETHING.
OH, ROGER.
[ Sighs ]
GOD FORBID.
ROGER?
WHAT?
ARE YOU ASLEEP?
IF I WAS ASLEEP,
HOW WOULD I BE TALKIN' TO YOU?
YOU COULD BE "SLEEPTALKING."
[ Sighs ]
LOOK, I'LL GIVE A DIME TOMORROW IF YOU DON'T SAY ANOTHER WORD.
OKAY.
ROGER?
[ Groans ]
YOU CAN FORGET
THAT DIME.
DO YOU THINK YOUR PARENTS
ARE GONNA EVER COME GET YOU?
I DON'T KNOW.
MOM'S NOT ALIVE,
BUT... MY DAD'S GONNA COME GET ME.
I'M SURE OF IT.
YOU THINK MY MOM'S
GONNA EVER COME GET ME?
MAYBE,
YOU KNOW.
IT COULD HAPPEN.
YEAH...
ROGER?
WHAT?
I'M HAPPY
YOU SEE THE ANGELS.
ME TOO.
GOOD NIGHT.
[ Wilder ]
IT'S A BEAUTIFUL DAY HERE IN ANAHEIM...
AS THE RESURGENT ANGELS
PREPARE TO MEET THEIR LONGTIME NEMESIS, THE DETROIT TIGERS...
WHO HAVE WON
THE FIRST FIVE GAMES OF THEIR WESTERN ROAD TRIP.
[ Wally ]  THEY'VE BEEN
THE HOTTEST TEAM IN THE LEAGUE FOR THE LAST FEW WEEKS, RANCH.
[ Announcer ]
COMING UP NEXT WEEK, "CAP NIGHT."
THIS WILL FEATURE A TOTALLY
WHITE CAP WITH RED PINSTRIPES AND THE ANGELS LOGO.
IT'S FREE
FOR THE FIRST 50,000 FANS ENTERING ANAHEIM STADIUM.
- I SEE AN ANGEL.
- ALREADY?
I GOTTA GO BATHROOM.
I CAN'T GO ALONE. BAD GUYS MIGHT GET ME.
YOU JUST CAME BACK
FROM THE BATHROOM.
I'VE GOTTA GO NOW.
SORRY. GIMME YOUR COKE.
GIMME THE CRACKER JACKS.
STAND UP.
GO.
WHAT'S UP?
WE GOT AN ANGEL.
BUT THE GAME
HASN'T STARTED.
SHE WAS WITH MEL CLARK.
AH, IMPOSSIBLE.
SHE WAS THERE.
THAT MEANS MEL SHOULD START THE GAME TODAY.
MEL'S ARM IS GONE.
I DON'T CARE. HE SHOULD START THE GAME.
NO WAY!
BESIDES, HE'S NOT EVEN ON THE ACTIVE ROSTER.
IF THE ANGEL PITCHES
WITH HIM, HE'LL BE AWESOME.
YOU REALLY DO SEE SOMETHING,
DON'T YOU?
YEAH...
I DO.
GOOD.
ALL RIGHT.
[ Sighs ]
YOU'RE OFF INJURED RESERVE
AND YOU'RE STARTING TODAY.
YOU TALKIN' TO ME?
YEAH.  SO GET
YOUR STUFF TOGETHER.
[ Wilder ]
THE STARTING PITCHER ANNOUNCED FOR THIS GAME WAS DAN PRINCE.
BUT JUST MOMENTS AGO, THE ANGELS
MADE A DRAMATIC CHANGE...
AND ACTIVATED
THE LONG-INJURED MEL CLARK.
LEAGUE RULES SPECIFY THAT UP
UNTIL THE FIRST PITCH IS THROWN, THE ROSTER CAN BE ALTERED,
ALTHOUGH I CAN'T EVER
REMEMBER THIS HAPPENING SO NEAR GAME TIME.
[ Flips Switch On ]
ME EITHER, RANCH.
EASY, WALLY.
LESS IS MORE.
THESE WARM-UPS
SHOULD BE INTERESTING. [ Grunts ]
OVER THE PLATE, MAN!
[ Wally ]
CLARK LOOKS A LITTLE RUSTY.
TOO MUCH TIME
IN THE WHIRLPOOL, WALLY.
[ Spits ]
I'M CHECKING TO SEE...
IF DAN PRINCE PULLED
A MUSCLE DURING HIS WARM-UP.
THERE MUST BE SOME LOGICAL
EXPLANATION AS TO WHY KNOX WOULD MAKE SUCH A BIZARRE CHANGE.
I HAVE PERSONALLY CHECKED
THE STATS, SPORTS FANS,
AND MEL CLARK HASN'T STARTED
A GAME... IN THIS DECADE.
[ Wally ]
HE LOOKS MIGHTY NERVOUS OUT THERE.
NOT AS NERVOUS
AS GEORGE KNOX.
CLARK TAKES THE SIGN.
TALK ABOUT HEAT!
MESSMER FELT THAT ONE. OW!
- [ Crowd Cheering ]
- WOW!
WHAT AN AMAZING PITCH!
YOU DAMN-- DARN RIGHT.
[ Wilder ]
WELL, COMMIT THAT TO MEMORY, WALLY,
'CAUSE HE DOESN'T HAVE
ANY MORE OF THOSE IN HIM.
AN ANGEL HELPED OUT
ON THAT ONE. GOOD.
STRIKE!
[ Crowd Cheers ]
- [ Ball Pops Into Glove ]
- STRIKE!
MEL!
WAY TO GO!
ALL RIGHT, MEL!
[ Grunting ]
IT'S NOW THE TOP OF THE NINTH.
THERE ARE TWO OUTS. WE'VE GOT A FULL COUNT.
- THIS COULD BE THE TIGERS' LAST
CHANCE TO GET BACK IN THIS GAME. - ONE MORE.
[ Crowd Cheering ]
[ Grunts ]
I TOLD YOU!
[ Wilder ]  THAT'S THE GAME!
THE ANGELS WIN 1-NOTHING IN A MIRACLE SHUTOUT...
PITCHED BY THE VETERAN,
MEL CLARK.
[ All Cheering ]
HOW IN THE WORLD
DID OLD NOODLE-ARM PULL THAT OFF?
AND WHO GETS THE CREDIT?
GEORGE KNOX.
WE'RE DOWN IN THE ANGELS'
CLUBHOUSE FOR A TALK WITH MANAGER GEORGE KNOX.
WHAT INSPIRED YOU
TO START MEL?
A FEELING.  AN INSTINCT.
A KIND OF FAITH.
A FAITH IN WHAT?
HAS MEL SHOWN THIS KIND OF POWER IN PRACTICE?
MEL CLARK HAS ALWAYS
SHOWN HIMSELF TO BE AN EXTRAORDINARY ATHLETE.
THE REST IS ABOUT BELIEVING
IN SOMETHING OR SOMEONE.
NOW, WHEN DID YOU SUDDENLY
START BELIEVING IN CLARK?
HE'S BEEN SITTING
ON THE BENCH ALL SEASON.
[ Sighs ]
I LOOK FOR SIGNS. [ Player ]  IT'S GOOD TO WIN.
[ Knox ]
SOMETIMES THEY COME FROM UNEXPECTED PLACES.
LOOK, THAT'S ENOUGH
OUT OF ME FOR TODAY. UH-HUH.
TALK TO THE STAR
OF THE GAME. EXCUSE ME.
[ Crowd Murmuring ]
SOMETHING'S GOING ON.
MEL?  YOU TALK TO US
ABOUT THE GAME?
WELL, IT--  IT FEELS GREAT
TO BE A WINNER AGAIN.
WE WON!
YEAH. THREE IN A ROW.
OH, I FEEL GOOD!
- YEAH, ME TOO!
- ME THREE!
[ Sighs ]
I OWE YOU GUYS.
OKAY, ANYTHING YOU WANT.
YOU NAME IT.
YOU GOT IT.
ALL RIGHT,
LET'S PLAY BALL!
[ Boys ]
YEAH!
[ Boys Chattering ]
COME ON, LET'S GO.
SLOW AND EASY.
KEEP YOUR ELBOWS UP.
HERE IT COMES.
- [ Boy ]  SWING HARD!
- [ Groans ]
GREAT HIT, J.P.!
[ Crowd Cheering ]
[ Boy ]  GET IT, ROGER,
GET IT!  GET IT!
YEAH!  ALL RIGHT!
[ Boy # 2 ]  ROGER, COME ON.
YOU MISSED ON PURPOSE.
ALL RIGHT, J.P.!
ALL RIGHT, WHO'S NEXT?
[ Boys Chanting "Me" ]
[ Knox ]
LET'S GIVE THE KID OVER ON THE CAR A SHOT.
[ Boys Groaning ]
- WHAT'S YOUR NAME?
- MARVIN VINCENT ARCHER.
YOU PLAY ANY BALL BEFORE,
MARVIN? NO, NEVER PLAYED ANY BALL.
WELL, THIS IS
THE PERFECT TIME TO LEARN.  COME ON.
[ Knox ]  WATCH THE BALL AND
WHEN I SAY, "NOW," YOU SWING. [ Boy ]  STAY SHARP, ZACK.
[ Knox ]
JUST DO EXACTLY WHAT I SAY.
GET READY TO SWING.
NOW!  OH!  OH!
GO, MARVIN! RUN TO FIRST BASE!
[ Crowd ]
GO, MARVIN, GO!
[ Boy ]
YEAH!  YEAH!  THAT'S IT!
- YOU STAY ON BASE
AND DO JUST WHAT I SAY. - OKAY.
WE GOT RUNNERS
ON FIRST AND SECOND. [ Boy ]  PLACES NOW.
[ Knox ]
AND LOOK WHO'S COMING TO BAT... BABE RUTH.
[ Boys Chattering ]
[ Thud, Glass Breaking ]
[ Growls ]
[ Boy ]
GET READY.
[ Batter Groans ]
OH!
- [ Boy ]  GO, MARVIN, GO!
- GO, MARVIN!  RUN HOME!
- RUN HOME?
RUN HOME.  RUN HOME. - RUN HOME!
- RUN HOME.  RUN HOME.
- [ Knox ]  HEY, MARVIN, WHERE YOU GOING?
- [ Laughing ]
- RUN HOME, RUN HOME, RUN HOME.
HEY, WHERE'S HE GOIN'?
AND WHAT HAPPENED?
YOU TOLD HIM TO RUN HOME.
HE DID. I--  I--
[ Both Laughing ]
[ Crowd Cheering ]
[ Groans ]
[ Crowd Cheering,
Whistling ]
♪ [ "Take Me Out
To The Ball Game" ]
[ Bat Cracking ]
♪ [ Organ Continues ]
[ Crowd Applauds, Cheers ]
[ Screaming ]
[ Groans ]
[ Crowd Cheers ]
[ Laughing ]
THAT'S COOL.
[ Groans, Coughs ]
[ Laughing ] [ Laughing ]
[ Crowd Booing ]
YOU CALL THAT A CALL? YOU CALL THAT A CALL?
IN ALL MY YEARS OF BASEBALL,
I HAVE NEVER SEEN SUCH A--
SUCH AN ASTUTE
EVALUATION...
OF A POTENTIALLY
DIFFICULT DECISION.
MASTERFUL CALL.
OH, HAVE A NICE DAY.
- [ Groans ]
- [ Pole Rattles ]
[ Ball Thuds,
Crowd Cheers ] FAIR BALL!
- [ Grunts ]
- [ Panting ]
- [ Slap ]
- OW!
- [ Crowd Cheering ]
- [ Panting ]
- [ Slap ]
- [ Screaming ]
SAFE!
YEAH!
YAHOO!
[ Slapping ]
- YEAH!
- YEAH, YEAH, YEAH, YEAH!
[ Crowd Cheering ]
YES!
THERE YOU GO, PAL.
THANKS!
ALL RIGHT. OH, THANKS, MEL.
HEY, THAT'S MY BALL.
OH, IT'S--
[ Players Shouting ]
UNBELIEVABLE!
GET OUT OF THE WAY!
[ Groans ]
[ Crowd Cheering ]
[ Cheering ]
[ Groans ]
- YOU'RE OUTTA HERE!
- YEAH!
- ♪ [ Crowd Singing "Take Me
Out To The Ball Game" ] - NO?
♪ [ Singing Continues ]
- HEY!
- ♪ BUY ME SOME PEANUTS AND CRACKER JACK ♪
♪ I DON'T CARE
IF I NEVER GET BACK ♪
♪ SO IT'S ROOT, ROOT, ROOT
FOR THE HOME TEAM ♪
♪ IF THEY DON'T WIN
IT'S A SHAME ♪
[ Crowd Cheering ]
♪ FOR IT'S ONE, TWO ♪
♪ THREE STRIKES YOU'RE OUT
AT THE OLD BALL GAME ♪
[ Crowd Cheering ]
GO!
[ Slap ]
[ Crowd Cheering,
Applause ]
[ Wilder ]
THE ANGELS HAVE CLOSED OUT THE SEASON...
WITH AN INCREDIBLE
HOT STREAK.
WHO WOULD HAVE BELIEVED THIS
TEAM COULD GO FROM LAST PLACE AT THE ALL-STAR BREAK...
TO JUST ONE WIN AWAY
FROM CLINCHING THE DIVISION TITLE?
NOW IT ALL COMES DOWN
TO THE LAST TWO GAMES OF THE SEASON.
AND, IRONICALLY, THEY ARE
WITH THE DEFENDING CHAMPION, CHICAGO WHITE SOX...
WHO ARE ONE GAME BACK
AND CLOSING FAST IN A DETERMINED EFFORT...
TO DENY THE ANGELS
THE CHAMPIONSHIP. [ Electronic Whirring ]
THE FIRST OF THOSE CRUCIAL
GAMES TAKES PLACE RIGHT HERE...
THIS AFTERNOON.
WHAT'S IT SAY?
THANKS.  'BYE.
[ Roger ]  SAYS THE VAN'S GONNA PICK US UP AT 12:00.
ROGER?  STUPID THING.
[ Dial Tone Beeping ]
ROGER?  THAT WAS
YOUR SOCIAL WORKER. [ Roger ]  HUH?
WHAT DID SHE WANT?
YOUR HEARING'S BEEN CHANGED TO THIS AFTERNOON.
- BUT I GOT A GAME
THIS AFTERNOON. - I KNOW.
I'VE JUST TRIED EVERYTHING
TO GET THEM TO RESCHEDULE. IT'S JUST NOT POSSIBLE.
MAGGIE, I'M NOT GOING.
YOU DON'T HAVE A CHOICE,
SWEETHEART.
- WELL, WHAT ABOUT GEORGE?
WHAT ABOUT THE ANGELS-- - I'LL CALL MR. KNOX.
I KNOW HE THINKS YOU GUYS
ARE HIS LUCKY CHARMS...
BUT THIS IS JUST
SOMETHING YOU HAVE TO DO.
[ Roger Sighs ]
J.P. CAN GO TO THE GAME...
AND WE'LL JUST TRY REAL HARD
TO GET YOU THERE BEFORE IT'S OVER.
THAT'S ALL I CAN DO.
OH, MAN!
[ Sighs ] WHAT ABOUT THE GAME?
[ Announcer ]
ATTENTION YOUNGSTERS, AGED SIX TO 16.
BE SURE TO JOIN
THE JUNIOR ANGEL FAN CLUB.
FOR JUST $5.00, YOU'LL RECEIVE
GAME TICKETS, BASEBALL CARDS, A FREE AUTOGRAPHED--
[ Wilder ]
THE SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA SUN IS SHINING;
THE FIELD IS READY,
THE HOT DOGS ARE WARM...
AND THERE'S NOT AN EMPTY SEAT
IN THE HOUSE. [ Creaking ]
[ Vendor ]
GET YOUR HOT DOGS!
I KNOW.  I KNOW.
DON'T EVEN SAY IT.
A LARGE COKE, TWO DOGS,
THREE CRACKER JACKS.
AND I WAS THINKING
OF GETTING HIM A CAR. AND MAYBE A CORPORATE JET--
STILL NO ROGER.
HE'LL BE HERE ANY SECOND.
OF ALL THE DAYS
TO HAUL THE KID OFF TO COURT.
WHY DIDN'T MAGGIE SAY
HE WAS SICK OR SOMETHING?
THAT'D BE LYING.
MAGGIE WOULD NEVER LIE.
WELL, MAGGIE'S NOT
IN A PENNANT RACE.
[ Announcer ]
NUMBER 19, THIRD BASEMAN, BRUCE SHEA.
HEY, YOU DON'T SEE ANYTHING,
DO YOU? MAYBE.
HMM?
SORRY.
OH, IT'S NOT YOUR FAULT.
YOU NEVER SEEN
ANGELS BEFORE.
WHY SHOULD YOU NOW?
HEY, IT COULD HAPPEN.
[ Sighs ]
YOU UNDERSTAND THAT
ONCE THIS HEARING...
HAS ESTABLISHED ROGER'S
PERMANENT PLACEMENT STATUS...
HIS WELFARE WILL FOREVER FORWARD
BE DETERMINED BY THIS COURT?
I UNDERSTAND.
AND YOU'VE CONSULTED A LAWYER?
LOOK, LADY,
I GET WHAT I'M DOING. THE KID'S NOT MINE ANYMORE.
I'M NOT PROUD OF IT.
IT'S NOT SOMETHING I CAN
CHANGE MY MIND ABOUT EITHER.
WE'RE READY
TO SEE YOU NOW, ROGER.
[ Sighs ]
DAD?
DAD, I DIDN'T KNOW
YOU WERE GOING TO BE HERE.
YOU KNOW, THE ANGELS ARE ONLY
ONE GAME FROM THE PENNANT? CAN YOU BELIEVE IT?
IT'S JUST LIKE
YOU SAID.
SORRY, BOY.
DAD?
HEY, DAD, WH--
DID YOU HEAR WHAT I SAID?
WHERE ARE YOU GOING?
DADDY?
DON'T CRY.
COME BACK.
[ Sobbing ]
[ Crowd Booing ]
WE LOST.
[ Sobbing ] DON'T CRY.
IT-IT'S ONLY A GAME.
COME ON, YOU'RE GETTING SNOT ALL OVER THE PLACE.
- IT'S NOBODY'S FAULT.
- I TRIED TO SEE ANGELS.
[ J.P. ]
I REALLY TRIED.
I GUESS,
WITHOUT ANGELS HELPING,
THIS TEAM DOESN'T
HAVE WHAT IT TAKES.
OR MAYBE I JUST DON'T
WE COULD STILL WIN
WITHOUT THE ANGELS. IT COULD HAPPEN.
MAYBE.
UH, GIVE ME A MINUTE, KID,
AND I'LL BE OUT TO TAKE YOU HOME.
DON'T CRY.
[ Man ]
NO, WE'RE NOT.
[ Man #2 ]
HEY, PUT OUT THAT CIGARETTE.
[ Door Shuts ]
HEY.
I'M RANCH WILDER,
THE VOICE OF THE ANGELS.
I KNOW WHO YOU ARE.
I HEARD YOU ON THE RADIO.
YOU SURE DO
HAVE A BIG CHIN.
EVERYBODY'S A CRITIC.
SO WHAT'S YOUR NAME?
J.P.
WELL, J.P., THAT WAS A TOUGH LOSS TODAY, HUH?
KNOX TOOK IT PRETTY HARD.
HE WAS GETTING KIND OF CRAZY OUT THERE.
- 'CAUSE ROGER COULDN'T COME.
- I GET IT.
SO ROGER'S SORT OF LUCKY.
IS THAT IT?
HE SEES THE ANGELS,
THE ONES WHO HELP OUT. HE PRAYED FOR 'EM.
- REAL ANGELS?
- YEAH, BUT, I DON'T SEE 'EM.
AND KNOX, HE SEES THEM?
NO.  ROGER HAS TO TELL HIM
WHEN THEY'RE AROUND.
REALLY?
[ Maggie ]
YOU KNOW, BY RELEASING YOU LEGALLY,
IT DOES MAKE IT
POSSIBLE FOR SOMEBODY TO TAKE YOU PERMANENTLY.
HE DID THAT 'CAUSE HE
WANTS THE BEST FOR YOU.
YEAH.  GIVING SOMEONE AWAY
IS A GREAT WAY TO SHOW 'IM YOU CARE.
[ Chassis Squeaks ]
[ Engine Stops ]
HEY, ROGER.
TOOK A LITTLE LONGER
THAN YOU EXPECTED. [ Car Door Opens, Shuts ]
WE WAITED THREE HOURS
FOR HIS HEARING.
THAT'S QUICK
FOR FAMILY COURT.
WHAT'D THEY DECIDE?
OH, IT'S JUST A FORMALITY.
HE BELONGS TO THE STATE
OF CALIFORNIA NOW.
[ Sighs ]
SCOOT OVER.
[ Exhales Loudly ]
ROGER, I'M SORRY
ABOUT TODAY.
WHY?  BECAUSE YOU LOST
YOUR STUPID BASEBALL GAME?
NO, BECAUSE
YOU'RE HURT.
[ Sighs ]
YOU DON'T KNOW ANYTHING ABOUT IT.
YOU KNOW, ROGER,
WHEN I WAS GROWING UP,
I NEVER SAW VERY MUCH
OF MY DAD.
HE COULDN'T TAKE
CARE OF HIMSELF...
SO TAKING CARE OF ME
AND MY BROTHERS...
WAS OUT
OF THE QUESTION.
I'M NOT SURE THE PAIN
THAT CAUSED EVER GOES AWAY.
BUT I AM SURE
YOU CAN'T GO THROUGH LIFE...
THINKING EVERYONE YOU MEET
WILL ONE DAY LET YOU DOWN.
BECAUSE, IF YOU DO,
A VERY BAD THING WILL HAPPEN.
[ Sighs ]
YOU'LL END UP LIKE ME.
I'M GOING INSIDE.
[ Hinges Squeak ]
I THOUGHT YOU SAID
YOU HAD TO BE SOMEWHERE.
I DO.
RIGHT HERE.
- YUCK!
- YOU BOTH WASH YOUR HANDS?
YEAH.
OKAY THEN, LET'S DIG IN.
[ Chuckles ]
NEXT TIME
I'LL TRY LASAGNA.
YOU GUYS LIKE LASAGNA?
NO.  WHAT IS IT?
LOOK!
IT'S GOD'S THUMBNAIL.
THAT'S JUST
THE MOON, J.P.
NO GOD UP THERE.
[ Crickets Chirping ]
I CAN'T BELIEVE
YOU SAID THAT.
THE KID WHO SEES ANGELS?
I DON'T BELIEVE
IN ANGELS ANYMORE.
- ROGER, WHAT ARE YOU
TALKING ABOUT? - THAT'S OKAY, J.P.
ROGER'S HAD A TOUGH DAY.
[ Sighs ]
[ Door Shuts ]
"THE SOURCE SAYS THERE'S A BOY
KNOWN AS ROGER...
"WHO EVEN WATCHES GAMES ON TV
WHEN THE TEAM IS OUT OF TOWN...
AND REPORTS TO MANAGER KNOX
OVER THE PHONE."
WHAT'S A SOURCE?
THE PERSON
WHO TOLD. OH.
"AND WHEN MEL CLARK MADE HIS
AMAZING COMEBACK IN AUGUST,
IT WAS ROGER'S, IT WAS ROGER'S
IDEA TO START HIM."
- THAT'S ME.
- WHO DO YOU THINK TOLD?
I DON'T KNOW.
MAYBE DAVID FOUND OUT.
I DON'T SEE HOW. ARE WE IN TROUBLE?
KNOX IS IN TROUBLE
AND THAT'S FOR SURE.
THIS IS BAD.  RIGHT?
WE'RE GONNA HAVE
TO TELL MAGGIE.
[ Sighs ]
[ Woman ]
RIGHT THIS WAY, MR. KNOX.
YOU STOOD ME UP
LAST NIGHT.
WHAT IN THE SAM HILL
IS ALL THIS ABOUT REAL ANGELS?
- IT'S NOTHING.
- START TALKIN'!
OKAY, I--
I GOT THESE TWO KIDS...
AND I THINK OF THEM
AS MASCOTS.
AND... THE ANGELS,
UH, WELL...
IT'S JUST SOMETHING
THAT'S GOING ON BETWEEN ME AND THEM.
YOU'RE TELLING ME,
THERE'S REAL ANGELS IN THE BALLPARK?
SOMETIMES,
BUT THEY'RE NOT IN ON ALL THE PLAYS.
[ Chuckles ]
YOU'VE LOST IT, PARDNER.
LOOK, IF I LIED TO YOU,
THEN THE ANGELS WOULDN'T LIKE IT AND THEY MIGHT NOT COME BACK.
THEY'RE VERY...
TEMPERAMENTAL.
"MENTAL" IS THE KEY WORD HERE.
I'M SORRY, GEORGE,
BUT I'M RELIEVING YOU...
OF YOUR MANAGEMENT
RESPONSIBILITIES.
YOU CAN'T DO THAT.
WE'RE ONLY
ONE GAME AWAY.
I'LL TELL YOU WHAT.
I'LL GIVE YOU 24 HOURS
TO GET YOUR HEAD ON STRAIGHT.
THEN I'LL CALL
A PRESS CONFERENCE...
AND YOU CAN PUBLICLY
RENOUNCE THIS HOGWASH.
GEORGE, YOU REPEAT
ANY OF THE BALONEY I'VE HEARD HERE,
WE'RE TALKING THE END
OF YOUR CAREER IN BASEBALL.
HAVE I MADE MYSELF CLEAR?
YES.
[ Rustling Papers ]
[ Crowd Clamoring ]
[ Reporter ]
WHAT'S GOING ON, KNOX? WHAT'S GOING ON?
[ Clamoring Subsides ]
GOOD MORNING, LADIES AND GENTLEMEN.
WE'RE GONNA MAKE THIS
SHORT AND SWEET.
MY MANAGER, GEORGE KNOX HERE,
HAS SOMETHING HE'D LIKE TO SAY TO YOU.  GEORGE?
I HAVE A STATEMENT
I'D LIKE TO READ.
"THERE HAVE BEEN REPORTS
THAT I'VE BEEN USING ANGELS...
TO HELP THE TEAM WIN."
[ Maggie ]
GO ON.  GO IN.
[ Crowd Murmuring ]
[ Sighs ]
I WAS GONNA READ
A STATEMENT...
BUT, INSTEAD,
I'M GONNA SHOOT FROM THE HIP.
YOU KNOW, THERE ARE A LOT
OF TIMES IN SPORTS...
WHEN THERE'S
NO LOGICAL EXPLANATION WHY THINGS HAPPEN.
SOMETIMES A PLAYER
GETS HOT...
AND GOES BEYOND
THEIR PHYSICAL ABILITY.
IS IT JUST ADRENALINE?
I DON'T KNOW.
BUT, I DO BELIEVE
THERE ARE TIMES IN LIFE...
WHERE SOMETHING STRONGER,
HIGHER,
OR MAYBE SPIRITUAL
IS WITH US.
I CAN'T EXPLAIN IT,
BUT SOMETHING HAS HAPPENED...
TO MY PLAYERS THIS YEAR.
SOMETHING THAT'S CHANGED
THE WAY THEY PLAY...
AND THE WAY I MANAGE.
YOU CAN CALL IT FAITH.
YOU CAN CALL IT ANGELS.
YOU CAN CALL IT
WHATEVER YOU WANT.
THAT'S ALL
I HAVE TO SAY.
GEORGE, DOES THIS MEAN
YOU REALLY THINK...
THAT A KID SEES ANGELS
AT YOUR GAMES?
[ Crowd Murmuring ]
[ Clears Throat ]
EXCUSE ME.
I'D, UH, I'D LIKE
TO SAY SOMETHING...
ON BEHALF
OF GEORGE KNOX.
UH, WHAT'S YOUR NAME?
WHAT'S YOUR BUSINESS HERE?
MY NAME IS MAGGIE NELSON.
I TAKE CARE OF FOSTER KIDS.
ONE OF THESE BOYS IS, UH,
THE CHILD WHO CAN SEE ANGELS.
HE COULD STAND UP RIGHT NOW
AND TELL YOU EXACTLY WHAT'S HAPPENED...
AND I KNOW YOU'D
JUST LAUGH AT HIM.
BUT, WHEN A PROFESSIONAL
FOOTBALL PLAYER...
DROPS TO ONE KNEE TO THANK GOD
AFTER MAKING A TOUCHDOWN, NOBODY LAUGHS AT THAT.
OR WHEN A PITCHER CROSSES
HIMSELF BEFORE GOING TO THE MOUND, NOBODY LAUGHS AT THAT.
SEEMS LIKE YOU'RE SAYING IT'S
OKAY TO BELIEVE IN GOD, BUT IT'S NOT OKAY TO BELIEVE IN ANGELS.
NOW, I THOUGHT THEY WERE
ON THE SAME TEAM.
IS IT YOUR BELIEF,
MA'AM, THAT, UH, ANGELS PLAY BASEBALL?
SINCE THE
ALL-STAR BREAK, YES!
[ Crowd Laughing ]
WE ALL NEED SOMEBODY
TO WATCH OUT FOR US.
EVERY KID I HAVE
EVER TAKEN CARE OF...
HAS BEEN LOOKING FOR SOMEONE
TO LOVE: AN ANGEL.
YOU'VE GOT TO HAVE FAITH.
YOU'VE GOT TO BELIEVE.
YOU'VE GOT TO LOOK
INSIDE YOURSELF.
THE FOOTPRINTS
OF AN ANGEL ARE LOVE.
AND WHERE THERE IS LOVE,
MIRACULOUS THINGS CAN HAPPEN.
I'VE SEEN IT.
I'D ALSO LIKE
TO SAY SOMETHING.
I DON'T KNOW IF THERE
ARE ANGELS OUT THERE...
OTHER THAN THE 25
OF US IN UNIFORM.
BUT I KNOW
THERE IS ONE THING I WON'T DO.
I WON'T PLAY FOR ANYONE
BUT GEORGE KNOX. I BELIEVE IN HIM.
[ Crowd Murmuring ]
THAT GOES FOR ME TOO.
[#
THANK YOU. ALL OF YOU.
[ Murphy ]
PRINT WHAT YOU WANT.
- GEORGE KNOX IS THE MANAGER
OF THE BALL CLUB. - [ Cheering ]
AND, IF THERE ARE ANY ANGELS
OUT THERE, I SURE HOPE THEY'RE ON OUR SIDE.
- OH, YEAH!
- YEAH!  YES!
[ Wilder ]  GOOD EVENING,
EVERYONE, AND WELCOME TO DOWNTOWN ANAHEIM...
WHERE THERE ARE NO SEATS LEFT
IN SPORTS HEAVEN...
AS A SELLOUT CROWD FILLS
THE BALLPARK FOR THE FINAL GAME OF THE SEASON.
TONIGHT, GEORGE KNOX
WILL SEND HIS ANGELS,
REAL OR IMAGINED, OUT AGAINST
A TOUGH WHITE SOX TEAM...
TO DETERMINE WHO WILL BE
THE WESTERN DIVISION CHAMPION.
WHEN I CAME HERE THIS SEASON,
I DIDN'T BELIEVE IN YOU GUYS.
I DIDN'T BELIEVE
IN ANYTHING.
BUT, WHEN YOU STOOD UP
THIS MORNING, YOU GAVE ME BACK MY REASON TO BELIEVE.
I'M MORE PROUD
OF BEING A PART OF THIS TEAM THAN ANY TEAM I'VE BEEN ON.
YOU'RE ALL WINNERS
AND I BELIEVE IN YOU!
SO LET'S GO OUT THERE AND SHOW
THEM WHAT WINNERS CAN DO!
LET'S TAKE THAT
CHAMPIONSHIP! [ All ]  YEAH!
YEAH!  ALL RIGHT!
YOU LOOK FANTASTIC!
OKAY, YOU HEARD HIM.
LET'S GO!
[ Announcer ]
LADIES AND GENTLEMEN, YOUR CALIFORNIA ANGELS!
[ Crowd Cheering ]
[ Wilder ]
STARTING PITCHER FOR THE ANGELS IN THIS CRUCIAL GAME...
IS THE VETERAN MEL CLARK.
YEAH!
ALL RIGHT!
HE'S BEEN THEIR BIG-GAME GUY
SINCE HE RETURNED TO THE LINEUP IN JULY.
SO CLARK'S HAD A ROCKY START
HERE IN THE FIRST.
HE'S GOT RUNNERS ON SECOND
AND THIRD WITH TWO OUTS AND DARREN AT BAT.
[ Crowd Chattering ]
[ Groans ]
DARREN DRIVES THE BALL
TO LEFT.
IT'S FAIR!
ONE RUN WILL SCORE AND HERE COMES COOPER!
NORTON GETS TO IT.
IT'S GONNA BE CLOSE. HERE COMES THE BALL!
COOPER SLIDES.
HE'S SAFE!
THE FANS DON'T LIKE THE CALL,
BUT THE SOX GO UP 2-0 AND WE'RE STILL IN THE TOP OF THE FIRST.
YOU GOT 'IM NOW!
GO, GO, YEAH! [ Sighs ]
[ Wilder ]
CLARK PITCHES TO YOUNG. [ Groans ]
HE LOOPS ONE OVER SECOND BASE
AND HERE COMES GARCIA!
[ Groans ]
WHOA!  GARCIA MAKES
A SPECTACULAR SAVE TO END THE INNING.
WITH THE ANGELS BEHIND 2-0,
CLARK'S REALLY STRUGGLING.
AND WITH ONE OUT IN THE TOP
OF THE FIFTH...
AND A MAN ON FIRST AND SECOND,
BEASLEY COMES TO BAT.
ANYBODY GOT ANY,
UH... YOU KNOW?
[ Crowd Chattering ]
NO QUESTION HE'S TIRING,
WALLY, AND KNOX KNOWS IT. BALL ONE.
YOU 38HAD TO EXPECT THIS.
THEY'RE GETTING TILLER UP NOW IN THE BULLPEN.
[ Sniffs, Coughs ]
[ Groans ]
[ Wilder ]  OH, MITCHELL
MAKES A GREAT PLAY... YEAH!
- AND GETS THE FORCE AT THIRD.
- ALL RIGHT!  ALL RIGHT!
ALL RIGHT!  ALL RIGHT!
GO, BABY, COME ON!
[ Wilder ]  HERE IN THE SIXTH,
GARCIA'S ON FIRST WITH A SINGLE AS THE ANGELS...
TRY TO BATTLE THEIR WAY BACK
INTO THE BALL GAME.
THAT BRINGS UP
RAY MITCHELL.
RAY'S BEEN HOT AS WILD FIRE
THE SECOND HALF OF THIS MIRACULOUS SEASON--
BUT, AS MANY OF YOU KNOW, IN THE
PAST MITCHELL HAS CHOKED WHEN IT CAME TO PRESSURE SITUATIONS.
YOU GOT THIS ONE, RAY!
YOU HEAR ME? YOU CAN DO IT!
[ Wilder ]
MITCHELL CONNECTS!
- IT'S HIT DEEP!
- GO!  GO!  GO! GO!  GO!
- [ Wilder ]  AND IT'S GONE!
- [ Crowd Cheers Hysterically ]
- RAY MITCHELL HAS JUST HIT...
- ALL RIGHT!  YEAH!
A MONSTER HOME RUN
WITH A MAN ON TO TIE THE GAME HERE IN THE SIXTH.
HEY!  WHOO!
ALL RIGHT!
[ Cheering Continues ]
[ Laughing, Cheering ]
DON'T YOU STOP!
[ Wilder ]
CLARK HAS HIS BACK TO THE WALL HERE IN THE SEVENTH...
AS THE SOX ARE THREATENING AGAIN
WITH TWO MEN ON BASE.
OKAY, WE'RE
HOLDING OUR OWN.
HOLDING OUR OWN.  GO! HANG IN THERE!
[ Wilder ]
CLARK DEFINITELY COULD USE AN ANGEL NOW...
AS HE'S TIRING
LATE IN THE GAME.
[ Crowd Cheering,
Cheering Gets Louder ] [ Groans ]
YEAH!  YEAH.
[ Wally ]
THERE SEEMS TO BE SOME SORT OF MAGIC...
IN THE WAY HIS TEAM
IS SUPPORTING HIM, RANCH.
[ Man ]
LET'S GO, GUYS!  COME ON!
HEY, KID.
HOW YOU DOIN'? FINE.  AL!
HEY, KIDDO, SHARP OUTFIT.
I WISH I HAD ONE. THANKS.
GEE, Ií AM GLAD TO SEE YOU.
YOU KNOW, I WAS AFRAID YOU GUYS...
WOULDN'T SHOW UP TODAY SINCE,
YOU KNOW, A LOT OF PEOPLE KNOW ABOUT THE ANGELS NOW.
NO ONE'S COMING.
CHAMPIONSHIPS HAVE
TO BE WON ON THEIR OWN. IT'S A RULE.
OH.  WELL, THEN,
WHAT ARE YOU DOING HERE?
I CAME HERE
TO CHECK ON MEL.
HE'S COMIN' UP SOON.
- HE'S GONNA BE ONE OF US.
- Y-YOU MEAN HE'S--
AH, HE SMOKED FOR YEARS.
IT'S ALWAYS A MISTAKE.
HE'S GOT
SIX MONTHS LEFT.
DOESN'T KNOW
ANYTHING'S WRONG YET.
NO.
DON'T YOU WORRY.
HE'S WELL TAKEN CARE OF.
YOU CONCENTRATE ON YOUR OWN LIFE NOW.
WE EXPECT
GREAT THINGS FROM YOU, KID.
WE'LL ALL BE WATCHING.
YOU REMEMBER THAT.
EVEN THOUGH
YOU CAN'T SEE US, WE'RE ALWAYS WATCHING.
[ Crowd Cheering ]
[ Spectators ]
COME ON, ANGELS!             ANGELS!
[ Wilder ]
WITH A MAN ON AND ONE OUT IN THE EIGHTH,
CLARK IS SHOWING
DEFINITE SIGNS OF FATIGUE...
AS HE PITCHES TO MARCH.
COME ON, MARCH. PUT IT HERE, MAN.
- [ Wilder ]  BALL THREE.
- [ Crowd Groans ]
[ Man ]  TAKE YOUR TIME, CLARK.
[ Man ] GET READY TO GO, GUYS!
+.
EASY, MEL.
[ Wilder ]  HERE'S THE PITCH.
AND MARCH GROUNDS TO MARTINEZ.
THEY GET DARREN AT SECOND.
GARCIA THROWS.  DOUBLE PLAY!
- YEAH!
- YEAH!  YEAH!
[ Wilder ]
AND ONCE AGAIN, SOLID DEFENSE BAILS CLARK OUT OF A JAM!
[ Laughing ]
HOW'D YOU LIKE THAT, COACH?
OH, WAY TO GO!
WAY TO GO!  HEY!
[ Wilder ]
IT'S STILL TIED UP HERE IN THE BOTTOM OF THE EIGHTH,
BUT THE ANGELS HAVE GARCIA
AT BAT AND MARTINEZ ON THIRD WITH THE GO-AHEAD RUN.
MARTINEZ GOES ON THE PITCH.
GARCIA BUNTS!
AND IT'S A SQUEEZE PLAY!
HERE'S THE THROW.
- MARTINEZ SCORES!
AND THE ANGELS TAKE THE LEAD! - [ Cheering ]
- YEAH!
- [ Crowd Cheering ]
YEAH!
ALL RIGHT!
[ Grunts ]
[ Wilder ]
MESSMER POPS OUT TO GABOYAN TO END THE INNING.
SO AS WE ENTER THE NINTH,
THE ANGELS ARE ONLY THREE OUTS AWAY FROM THE PENNANT...
IF THEY CAN JUST HOLD ON
TO THIS 3-2 LEAD.
HEY, MEL.
[ Boy ]  HEY, MEL, YOU'RE MY DAD'S FAVORITE PLAYER!
LET'S FINISH THIS.
WE GOT 'EM.
ALL RIGHT.
ALL RIGHT, THREE OUTS, BOYS.
LET'S DO IT!
[ Wilder ]  SO WITH THE CHAMPIONSHIP ON THE LINE,
MANAGER GEORGE KNOX ELECTS
TO SEND A TIRED MEL CLARK...
OUT TO FACE THE HEART
OF THE WHITE SOX LINEUP.
- HE'S ALL ALONE.
- [ Man ]  LET'S GO. COME ON, ANGELS.
[ Crowd Cheering ]
DON'T WORRY.
HE'LL GET AN ANGEL. MEL ALWAYS GETS AN ANGEL.
[ Wilder ]
CLARK TAKES THE SIGN FOR HIS FIRST PITCH TO GASPER.
LET'S SEE
IF HE HAS ANYTHING LEFT.
GASPER GETS
A PIECE OF IT!
AND IT FALLS IN FOR A SINGLE!
THE TYING RUN IS NOW ON FIRST.
[ Sighs ]
- ALL RIGHT.
- [ Phone Rings ]
WE NEED SANFORD.
GET HIM READY. [ Sighs ]
[ Wilder ]
THEY'RE GETTING SANFORD UP IN THE BULLPEN.
[ Coughing, Sniffs ]
- [ Grunts ]
- [ Wilder ]  HE BUNTS!
CLARK FIELDS IT CLEANLY
AND GETS THE RUNNER AT FIRST,
- BUT GASPER ADVANCES
TO SECOND ON THE SACRIFICE. - ALL RIGHT!  ONE DOWN!
[ Wilder ]  WHITE SOX NOW
HAVE THE TYING RUN IN SCORING POSITION WITH DARREN AT BAT.
- [ Cracking ]
- IT'S IN THE HOLE! GARCIA DIVES!  HE GETS IT!
THE THROW IS OFF-BALANCE.
NOT IN TIME!
SAFE!
HE'S SAFE. ARE YOU SURE?
GASPER IS HELD ON SECOND,
BUT THE GO-AHEAD RUN IS NOW ON FIRST WITH ONLY ONE AWAY.
[ Crowd Booing ]
[ Man Yelling ]
HEY, KNOX, WAKE ;@UP!
[ Wilder ]
CLARK LOOKS VERY TIRED.
- [ Grunts ]
- GABOYAN SWINGS AND SMASHES IT DEEP TO LEFT CENTER!
THIS IS TROUBLE!  WILLIAMS
GOT A GOOD JUMP ON THE BALL!
- SOMEBODY BETTER TAKE CHARGE!
- [ Williams ]  I GOT IT!
- [ Crowd Cheering ]
- AND BEN WILLIAMS SAVES THE GAME FOR NOW...
- WITH A SPECTACULAR CATCH!
- [ Wally ]  AND A GREAT THROW TO HOLD THE RUNNER AT THIRD.
TRY IT!
[ Wilder ]
OH!  AND HE HITS BIRCH IN THE BACK ON THE FIRST PITCH.
THAT LOADS THE BASES.
AND KESEY, THE LEAGUE
R.B.I. LEADER, IS UP NEXT.
[ Announcer ]
NUMBER 32, KIT "HIT OR DIE" KESEY.
[ Wilder ]
I CAN'T BELIEVE HE'S LEAVING CLARK IN THE GAME.
ANY HIT SCORES A RUN.
THERE'S AN ANGEL
THERE NOW, RIGHT? NO.
[ Wilder ]
THE RUNNERS TAKE THEIR LEADS.
AND KESEY GOT A GOOD PIECE
OF THAT ONE, BUT IT'S FOUL.
- WE'VE GOT ONE STRIKE.
- [ Sighs ]
SANFORD IS READY
IN THE BULLPEN.
- BALL ONE!
- [ Wally ] HIS ARM HAS TO BE TIRED.
HE'S THROWN 156 PITCHES.
[ Crowd Cheering ]
[ Exhales ]
- BALL TWO!
- THERE'S ONE COMING, RIGHT, ROGER?
I DON'T KNOW, J.P.
I--  I DON'T THINK SO.
[ Grunts ]
AND CLARK JUST
MISSES NICKING KESEY AND THE COUNT GOES TO 3 AND 1.
HE'S WAY BEHIND
THE BATTER NOW. [ Sighing ]
ANY ANGELS?
NO.
- [ Grunts ]
- [ Cracking ]
[ Wilder ]
AND KESEY JUMPS ON IT! THIS COULD BE THE GAME!
IT'S DEEP!
IT'S DOWN THE LINE!
IF IT STAYS FAIR,
IT'S OUTTA HERE!
-[ Wally ]  IT'S GONNA BE CLOSE.
-FOUL, FOUL, FOUL!
[ Wilder ]
BUT IT'S FOUL.
X%
IT COMES DOWN TO A FULL COUNT. TWO OUTS, THE TOP OF THE NINTH.
THE ANGELS LEAD BY ONE RUN,
AND FOR MEL CLARK,
THIS IS
THE PRESSURE COOKER!
I GOTTA TAKE HIM OUT.
[ Sighs ]  NO. PLEASE, JUST LET HIM TRY.
HE'S ALL USED UP.
HE CAN'T DO IT BY HIMSELF.
YES, HE CAN.
ALL HE HAS TO DO
IS BELIEVE.
[ Sighs ]
[ Whispering ]
[ Wilder ]
AND KNOX WILL PULL MEL CLARK.
ALL I CAN SAY IS,
IT'S ABOUT TIME.
- [ Sighs ]
- [ Sniffles ]
I GOT NOTHING LEFT.
YEAH, YOU DO.
YOU GOT ONE STRIKE LEFT.
[ Sighs ]
YOU GOT AN ANGEL
WITH YOU RIGHT NOW.
JUST GOT HERE
AND HE'S GONNA HELP.
KID SEES AN ANGEL?
YEAH, HE MUST. THAT'S THE SIGNAL.
COULD HAPPEN.
OKAY.
[ Chuckles ]
GO GET HIM
FOR THE CHAMPIONSHIP.
[ Crowd Cheering ]
ALL RIGHT!
COME ON!
YES! COME ON, MEL!
COME ON, MEL!
HE STILL HAS IT!
[ Wilder ]
LADIES AND GENTLEMEN, I DON'T BELIEVE IT,
KNOX WILL LET CLARK STAY IN
TO PITCH TO KESEY.
THIS IS NOT SMART BASEBALL.
THIS IS RIDICULOUS--
[ Cheering ]
LET'S GO, MY BROTHER.
COME ON.
[ Grunts, Gasps ]
[ Knox Screaming ]
[ Wilder ]
HE'S GOT IT AND IT'S OVER! HE'S GOT IT!
- I CAN'T BELIEVE IT!
- [ Wally ]  THE ANGELS WIN THE PENNANT!  WE WON!
ALL RIGHT, J.P.!
WE WON, WE WON! YEA!  YEAH!
[ Roger Laughing,
Screaming ]
THERE ARE ANGELS!
NOT THIS TIME, MEL. YOU DID IT YOURSELF!
[ Both Laughing ]
WE WON!
WE WON! YEAH!
[ Cheering, Shouting ]
[ Crowd Roaring ]
[ Laughing ]
YEAH!  YEAH!
WE WON!
ALL RIGHT!
[ Laughing ] YEAH!
WHOO!
YEAH!
[ Laughing ]
I CAN'T BELIEVE IT!
RANCH.
- YOU'RE FIRED.
- YOU CAN'T FIRE ME!
I GOT A CONTRACT!
I'M RANCH WILDER!
EASY, RANCH.
LESS IS MORE.
AND THE ANGELS
HAVE WON IT!
[ Crowd Cheering Wildly ]
[ Roger ]
MAGGIE!  MAGGIE!  WE WON! MAGGIE!
WE WON!
I KNOW.  I HEARD.
OH, CONGRATULATIONS. THE ANGELS WON THE PENNANT!
[ Maggie ]
IT'S GREAT!  WELL DONE!
- OH, ROGER,
YOUR SOCIAL WORKER CALLED. - SHE DID?
- [ J.P. ]  WHAT THEY WANT?
- WAS IT ABOUT MY FATHER?
- NO, BUT IT IS ABOUT
FINDING YOU A PERMANENT HOME. - [ Crying ]
OH, J.P., COME BACK.
J.P., COME BACK!
[ Door Slams ]
YOU KNOW,
NOTHING'S PROBABLY EVER AS GOOD AS YOUR REAL PARENTS.
BUT THERE'S SOME PEOPLE
WHO COULD CARE FOR YOU...
AND LOVE YOU
AND TAKE CARE OF YOU.
YEAH.
I GUESS SO.
ROGER, THE PERSON
WHO CALLED SOCIAL SERVICE,
THAT WAS ME.
I WANT TO TRY
AND BE YOUR DAD.
I WANT YOU TO COME
AND LIVE AT MY HOUSE.
YOU WANT--
<
YOU OKAY, HONEY?
NO WAY.
I-I CAN'T.
YOU KNOW,
I CAN'T LEAVE J.P.
I CAN NEVER LEAVE J.P.
HE'S COMING TOO.
- HE IS?
- I HEARD THAT.
[ Knox Laughing ]
YEAH!
WAIT,
WHAT ABOUT MAGGIE? NO.
MY WORK IS HERE.
DON'T WORRY.
THERE ARE PLENTY
OF LITTLE ANGELS LOOKING FOR A HOME.
SO--  SO WE'RE
GONNA BE A FAMILY. YEP.
I'M GONNA HAVE
A DADDY. [ Laughing ]
I KNEW IT COULD HAPPEN.
[ All Laughing ]
WE'RE ALWAYS WATCHING.
[ Bat Cracking,
Crowd Roaring ]
♪ [ "Take Me Out
To The Ball Game" ]
[ Crowd Roaring ]
♪